2010年英语专八真题及答案　　TEST FOR ENGLISH MAJORS (2010)-GRADE EIGHT-　　PART I LISTENING COMPREHENSION (35 MIN)　　SECTION A MINI-LECTURE　　In this section you will hear a mini-lecture. You will hear the lecture ONCE ONLY. While listening, take notes on the important points. Your notes will not be marked, but you will need them to complete a gap-filling task after the mini-lecture. When the lecture is over, you will be given two minutes to check your notes, and another ten minutes to complete the gap-filling task on ANSWER SHEET ONE. Use the blank sheet for note-taking.　　Complete the gap-filling task. Some of the gaps below may require a maximum of THREE words. Make sure the word(s) you fill in is (are) both grammatically & semantically acceptable. You may refer to your notes.　　Paralinguistic Features of Language　　In face-to-face communication speakers often alter their tomes of voice or change their physical postures in order to convey messages. These means are called paralinguistic features of language, which fall into two categories.　　First category: vocal paralinguistic features　　(1)__________: to express attitude or intention (1)__________　　Examples　　1. whispering: need for secrecy　　2. breathiness: deep emotion　　3. (2)_________: unimportance (2)__________　　4. nasality: anxiety　　5. extra lip-rounding: greater intimacy　　Second category: physical paralinguistic features　　facial expressions　　(3)_______ (3)__________　　----- smiling: signal of pleasure or welcome　　less common expressions　　----- eye brow raising: surprise or interest　　----- lip biting: (4)________ (4)_________　　gesture　　gestures are related to culture.　　British culture　　----- shrugging shoulders: (5) ________ (5)__________　　----- scratching head: puzzlement　　other cultures　　----- placing hand upon heart:(6)_______ (6)__________　　----- pointing at nose: secret　　proximity, posture and echoing　　proximity: physical distance between speakers　　----- closeness: intimacy or threat　　----- (7)_______: formality or absence of interest (7)_________　　Proximity is person-, culture- and (8)________ -specific. (8)_________　　posture　　----- hunched shoulders or a hanging head: to indicate(9)_____ (9)________　　----- direct level eye contact: to express an open or challenging attitude　　echoing　　----- definition: imitation of similar posture　　----- (10)______: aid in communication (10)___________　　----- conscious imitation: mockery　　SECTION B INTERVIEW　　In this section you will hear everything ONCE ONLY. Listen carefully and then answer the questions that follow. Mark the correct answer to each question on ANSWER SHEET TWO.　　Questions 1 to 5 are based on an interview. At the end of the interview you will be given 10 seconds to answer each of the following five questions.　　Now listen to the interview.　　1. According to Dr Johnson, diversity means　　A. merging of different cultural identities.　　B. more emphasis on homogeneity.　　C. embracing of more ethnic differences.　　D. acceptance of more branches of Christianity.　　2. According to the interview, which of the following statements in CORRECT?　　A. Some places are more diverse than others.　　B. Towns are less diverse than large cities.　　C. Diversity can be seen everywhere.　　D. American is a truly diverse country.　　3. According to Dr Johnson, which place will witness a radical change in its racial makeup by 2025?　　A. Maine　　B. Selinsgrove　　C. Philadelphia　　D. California　　4. During the interview Dr Johnson indicates that　　A. greater racial diversity exists among younger populations.　　B. both older and younger populations are racially diverse.　　C. age diversity could lead to pension problems.　　D. older populations are more racially diverse.　　5. According to the interview, religious diversity　　A. was most evident between 1990 and 2000.　　B. exists among Muslim immigrants.　　C. is restricted to certain places in the US.　　D. is spreading to more parts of the country.　　SECTION C NEWS BROADCAST　　In this section you will hear everything ONCE ONLY. Listen carefully and then answer the questions that follow. Mark the correct answer to each question on your coloured answer sheet.　　Question 6 is based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the question.　　Now listen to the news.　　6. What is the main idea of the news item?　　A. Sony developed a computer chip for cell phones.　　B. Japan will market its wallet phone abroad.　　C. The wallet phone is one of the wireless innovations.　　D. Reader devices are available at stores and stations.　　Question 7 and 8 is based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now listen to the news.　　7. Which of the following is mentioned as the government’s measure to control inflation?　　A. Foreign investment.　　B. Donor support.　　C. Price control.　　D. Bank prediction.　　8. According to Kingdom Bank, what is the current inflation rate in Zimbabwe?　　A. 20 million percent.　　B. 2.2 million percent.　　C. 11.2 million percent.　　D. Over 11.2 million percent.　　Question 9 and 10 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the question.　　Now listen to the news.　　9. Which of the following is CORRECT?　　A. A big fire erupted on the Nile River.　　B. Helicopters were used to evacuate people.　　C. Five people were taken to hospital for burns.　　D. A big fire took place on two floors.　　10. The likely cause of the big fire is　　A. electrical short-cut.　　B. lack of fire-satefy measures.　　C. terrorism.　　D. not known.　　PART IIREADING COMPREHENSION (30 MIN)　　In this section there are four reading passages followed by a total of 20 multiple-choice questions. Read the passages and then mark your answers on your coloured answer sheet.　　TEXT A　　Still, the image of any city has a half-life of many years. (So does its name, officially changed in 2001 from Calcutta to Kolkata, which is closer to what the word sounds like in Bengali. Conversing in English, I never heard anyone call the city anything but Calcutta.) To Westerners, the conveyance most identified with Kolkata is not its modern subway—a facility whose spacious stations have art on the walls and cricket matches on television monitors—but the hand-pulled rickshaw. Stories and films celebrate a primitive-looking cart with high wooden wheels, pulled by someone who looks close to needing the succor of Mother Teresa. For years the government has been talking about eliminating hand-pulled rickshaws on what it calls humanitarian grounds—principally on the ground that, as the mayor of Kolkata has often said, it is offensive to see “one man sweating and straining to pull another man.” But these days politicians also lament the impact of 6,000 hand-pulled rickshaws on a modern city’s traffic and, particularly, on its image. “Westerners try to associate beggars and these rickshaws with the Calcutta landscape, but this is not what Calcutta stands for,” the chief minister of West Bengal, Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, said in a press conference in 2006. “Our city stands for prosperity and development.” The chief minister—the equivalent of a state governor—went on to announce that hand-pulled rickshaws soon would be banned from the streets of Kolkata.　　Rickshaws are not there to haul around tourists. (Actually, I saw almost no tourists in Kolkata, apart from the young backpackers on Sudder Street, in what used to be a red-light district and is now said to be the single place in the city where the services a rickshaw puller offers may include providing female company to a gentleman for the evening.) It’s the people in the lanes who most regularly use rickshaws—not the poor but people who are just a notch above the poor. They are people who tend to travel short distances, through lanes that are sometimes inaccessible to even the most daring taxi driver. An older woman with marketing to do, for instance, can arrive in a rickshaw, have the rickshaw puller wait until she comes back from various stalls to load her purchases, and then be taken home. People in the lanes use rickshaws as a 24-hour ambulance service. Proprietors of cafés or corner stores send rickshaws to collect their supplies. (One morning I saw a rickshaw puller take on a load of live chickens—tied in pairs by the feet so they could be draped over the shafts and the folded back canopy and even the axle. By the time he trotted off, he was carrying about a hundred upside-down chickens.) The rickshaw pullers told me their steadiest customers are schoolchildren. Middle-class families contract with a puller to take a child to school and pick him up; the puller essentially becomes a family retainer.　　From June to September Kolkata can get torrential rains, and its drainage system doesn’t need torrential rain to begin backing up. Residents who favor a touch of hyperbole say that in Kolkata “if a stray cat pees, there’s a flood.” During my stay it once rained for about 48 hours. Entire neighborhoods couldn’t be reached by motorized vehicles, and the newspapers showed pictures of rickshaws being pulled through water that was up to the pullers’ waists. When it’s raining, the normal customer base for rickshaw pullers expands greatly, as does the price of a journey. A writer in Kolkata told me, “When it rains, even the governor takes rickshaws.”　　While I was in Kolkata, a magazine called India Today published its annual ranking of Indian states, according to such measurements as prosperity and infrastructure. Among India’s 20 largest states, Bihar finished dead last, as it has for four of the past five years. Bihar, a couple hundred miles north of Kolkata, is where the vast majority of rickshaw pullers come from. Once in Kolkata, they sleep on the street or in their rickshaws or in a dera—a combination garage and repair shop and dormitory managed by someone called a sardar. For sleeping privileges in a dera, pullers pay 100 rupees (about $2.50) a month, which sounds like a pretty good deal until you’ve visited a dera. They gross between 100 and 150 rupees a day, out of which they have to pay 20 rupees for the use of the rickshaw and an occasional 75 or more for a payoff if a policeman stops them for, say, crossing a street where rickshaws are prohibited. A 2003 study found that rickshaw pullers are near the bottom of Kolkata occupations in income, doing better than only the ragpickers and the beggars. For someone without land or education, that still beats trying to make a living in Bihar.　　There are people in Kolkata, particularly educated and politically aware people, who will not ride in a rickshaw, because they are offended by the idea of being pulled by another human being or because they consider it not the sort of thing people of their station do or because they regard the hand-pulled rickshaw as a relic of colonialism. Ironically, some of those people are not enthusiastic about banning rickshaws. The editor of the editorial pages of Kolkata’s Telegraph—Rudrangshu Mukherjee, a former academic who still writes history books—told me, for instance, that he sees humanitarian considerations as coming down on the side of keeping hand-pulled rickshaws on the road. “I refuse  to be carried by another human being myself,” he said, “but I question whether we have the right to take away their livelihood.” Rickshaw supporters point out that when it comes to demeaning occupations, rickshaw pullers are hardly unique in Kolkata.　　When I asked one rickshaw puller if he thought the government’s plan to rid the city of rickshaws was based on a genuine interest in his welfare, he smiled, with a quick shake of his head—a gesture I interpreted to mean, “If you are so naive as to ask such a question, I will answer it, but it is not worth wasting words on.” Some rickshaw pullers I met were resigned to the imminent end of their livelihood and pin their hopes on being offered something in its place. As migrant workers, they don’t have the political clout enjoyed by, say, Kolkata’s  sidewalk hawkers, who, after supposedly being scaled back at the beginning of the modernization drive, still clog the sidewalks, selling absolutely everything—or, as I found during the 48 hours of rain, absolutely everything but umbrellas. “The government was the government of the poor people,” one sardar told me. “Now they shake hands with the capitalists and try to get rid of poor people.”　　But others in Kolkata believe that rickshaws will simply be confined more strictly to certain neighborhoods, out of the view of World Bank traffic consultants and California investment delegations—or that they will be allowed to die out naturally as they’re supplanted by more modern conveyances. Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, after all, is not the first high West Bengal official to say that rickshaws would be off the streets of Kolkata in a matter of months. Similar statements have been made as far back as 1976. The ban decreed by Bhattacharjee has been delayed by a court case and by a widely held belief that some retraining or social security settlement ought to be offered to rickshaw drivers. It may also have been delayed by a quiet reluctance to give up something that has been part of the fabric of the city for more than a century. Kolkata, a resident told me, “has difficulty letting go.” One day a city official handed me a report from the municipal government laying out options for how rickshaw pullers might be rehabilitated.　　“Which option has been chosen?” I asked, noting that the report was dated almost exactly a year before my visit.　　“That hasn’t been decided,” he said.　　“When will it be decided?”　　“That hasn’t been decided,” he said.　　11. According to the passage, rickshaws are used in Kolkata mainly for the following EXCEPT　　A. taking foreign tourists around the city.　　B. providing transport to school children.　　C. carrying store supplies and purchases　　D. carrying people over short distances.　　12. Which of the following statements best describes the rickshaw pullers from Bihar?　　A. They come from a relatively poor area.　　B. They are provided with decent accommodation.　　C. Their living standards are very low in Kolkata.　　D. They are often caught by policemen in the streets.　　13. That “For someone without land or education, that still beats trying to make a living in Bihar” (4 paragraph) means that even so,　　A. the poor prefer to work and live in Bihar.　　B. the poor from Bihar fare better than back home.　　C. the poor never try to make a living in Bihar.　　D. the poor never seem to resent their life in Kolkata.　　14. We can infer from the passage that some educated and politically aware people　　A. hold mixed feelings towards rickshaws.　　B. strongly support the ban on rickshaws.　　C. call for humanitarian actions fro rickshaw pullers.　　D. keep quiet on the issue of banning rickshaws.　　15. Which of the following statements conveys the author’s sense of humor?　　A. “…not the poor but people who are just a notch above the poor.” (2 paragraph)　　B. “…,.which sounds like a pretty good deal until you’ve visited a dera.” (4 paragraph)　　C. Kolkata, a resident told me, “ has difficulty letting go.” (7 paragraph).　　D.“…or, as I found during the 48 hours of rain, absolutely everything but umbrellas.” (6 paragraph)　　16. The dialogue between the author and the city official at the end of the passage seems to suggest　　A. the uncertainty of the court’s decision.　　B. the inefficiency of the municipal government.　　C. the difficulty of finding a good solution.　　D. the slowness in processing options.　　TEXT B　　Depending on whom you believe, the average American will, over a lifetime, wait in lines for two years (says National Public Radio) or five years (according to customer-loyalty experts).　　The crucial word is average, as wealthy Americans routinely avoid lines altogether. Once the most democratic of institutions, lines are rapidly becoming the exclusive province of suckers(people who still believe in and practice waiting in lines). Poor suckers, mostly.　　Airports resemble France before the Revolution: first-class passengers enjoy "élite" security lines and priority boarding, and disembark before the unwashed in coach, held at bay by a flight attendant, are allowed to foul the Jetway.　　At amusement parks, too, you can now buy your way out of line. This summer I haplessly watched kids use a $52 Gold Flash Pass to jump the lines at Six Flags New England, and similar systems are in use in most major American theme parks, from Universal Orlando to Walt Disney World, where the haves get to watch the have-mores breeze past on their way to their seats.　　Flash Pass teaches children a valuable lesson in real-world economics: that the rich are more important than you, especially when it comes to waiting. An NBA player once said to me, with a bemused chuckle of disbelief, that when playing in Canada--get this--"we have to wait in the same customs line as everybody else."　　Almost every line can be breached for a price. In several U.S. cities this summer, early arrivers among the early adopters waiting to buy iPhones offered to sell their spots in the lines. On Craigslist, prospective iPhone purchasers offered to pay "waiters" or "placeholders" to wait in line for them outside Apple stores.　　Inevitably, some semi-populist politicians have seen the value of sort-of waiting in lines with the ordinary people. This summer Philadelphia mayor John Street waited outside an AT&T store from 3:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. before a stand-in from his office literally stood in for the mayor while he conducted official business. And billionaire New York mayor Michael Bloomberg often waits for the subway with his fellow citizens, though he's first driven by motorcade past the stop nearest his house to a station 22 blocks away, where the wait, or at least the ride, is shorter.　　As early as elementary school, we're told that jumping the line is an  unethical act, which is why so many U.S. lawmakers have framed the immigration debate as a kind of fundamental sin of the school lunch line. Alabama Senator Richard Shelby, to cite just one legislator, said amnesty would allow illegal immigrants "to cut in line ahead of millions of people."　　Nothing annoys a national lawmaker more than a person who will not wait in line, unless that line is in front of an elevator at the U.S. Capitol, where Senators and Representatives use private elevators, lest they have to queue with their constituents.　　But compromising the integrity of the line is not just antidemocratic, it's out-of-date. There was something about the orderly boarding of Noah's Ark, two by two, that seemed to restore not just civilization but civility during the Great Flood.　　How civil was your last flight? Southwest Airlines has first-come, first-served festival seating. But for $5 per flight, an unaffiliated company called BoardFirst.com will secure you a coveted "A" boarding pass when that airline opens for online check-in 24 hours before departure. Thus, the savvy traveler doesn't even wait in line when he or she is online.　　Some cultures are not renowned for lining up. Then again, some cultures are too adept at lining up: a citizen of the former Soviet Union would join a queue just so he could get to the head of that queue and see what everyone was queuing for.　　And then there is the U.S., where society seems to be cleaving into two groups: Very Important Persons, who don't wait, and Very Impatient Persons, who do--unhappily.　　For those of us in the latter group-- consigned to coach, bereft of Flash Pass, too poor or proper to pay a placeholder --what do we do? We do what Vladimir and Estragon did in Waiting for Godot: "We wait. We are bored."　　17. What does the following sentence mean? “Once the most democratic of institutions, lines are rapidly becoming the exclusive province of suckers…Poor suckers, mostly.” (2 paragraph)　　A. Lines are symbolic of America’s democracy.　　B. Lines still give Americans equal opportunities.　　C. Lines are now for ordinary Americans only.　　D. Lines are for people with democratic spirit only.　　18. Which of the following is NOT cited as an example of breaching the line?　　A. Going through the customs at a Canadian airport.　　B. Using Gold Flash Passes in amusement parks.　　C. First-class passenger status at airports.　　D. Purchase of a place in a line from a placeholder.　　19. We can infer from the passage that politicians (including mayors and Congressmen)　　A. prefer to stand in lines with ordinary people.　　B. advocate the value of waiting in lines.　　C. believe in and practice waiting in lines.　　D. exploit waiting in lines for their own good.　　20. What is the tone of the passage?　　A. Instructive.　　B. Humorous.　　C. Serious.　　D. Teasing.　　TEXT C　　A bus took him to the West End, where, among the crazy coloured fountains of illumination, shattering the blue dusk with green and crimson fire, he found the café of his choice, a tea-shop that had gone mad and turned. Bbylonian, a while palace with ten thousand lights. It towered above the other building like a citadel, which indeed it was, the outpost of a new age, perhaps a new civilization, perhaps a new barbarism; and behind the thin marble front were concrete and steel, just as behind the careless profusion of luxury were millions of pence, balanced to the last halfpenny. Somewhere in the background, hidden away, behind the ten thousand llights and acres of white napery and bewildering glittering rows of teapots, behind the thousand waitresses and cash-box girls and black-coated floor managers and temperamental long-haired violinists, behind the mounds of cauldrons of stewed steak, the vanloads of ices, were a few men who went to work juggling with fractions of a farming, who knew how many units of electricity it took to finish a steak-and-kidney pudding and how many minutes and seconds a waitress( five feet four in height and in average health) would need to carry a tray of given weight from the kitchen life to the table in the far corner. In short, there was a warm, sensuous, vulgar life flowering in the upper storeys, and a cold science working in the basement. Such as the gigantic tea-shop into which Turgis marched, in search not of mere refreshment but of all the enchantment of unfamiliar luxury. Perhaps he knew in his heart that men have conquered half the known world, looted whole kingdoms, and never arrived in such luxury. The place was built for him.　　It was built for a great many other people too, and, as usual, they were al there. It seemed with humanity. The marble entrance hall, piled dizzily with bonbons and cakes, was as crowded and bustling as a railway station. The gloom and grime of the streets, the raw air, all November, were at once left behind, forgotten: the atmosphere inside was golden, tropical, belonging to some high mid-summer of confectionery. Disdaining the lifts, Turgis, once more excited by the sight, sound, and smell of it all, climbed the wide staircase until he reached his favourite floor, whre an orchestra, led by a young Jewish violinist with wandering lustrous eyes and a passion for tremolo effects, acted as a magnet to a thousand girls, scented air, the sensuous clamour of the strings; and, as he stood hesitating a moment, half dazed, there came, bowing, s sleek grave man, older than he was and far more distinguished than he could ever hope to be, who murmured deferentially: “ For one, sir? This way, please,” Shyly, yet proudly, Turgis followed him.　　21. That “behind the thin marble front were concrete and steel” suggests that　　A. modern realistic commercialism existed behind the luxurious appearance.　　B. there was a fundamental falseness in the style and the appeal of the café..　　C. the architect had made a sensible blend of old and new building materials.　　D. the café was based on physical foundations and real economic strength.　　22. The following words or phrases are somewhat critical of the tea-shop EXCEPT　　A. “…turned Babylonian”.　　B. “perhaps a new barbarism’.　　C. “acres of white napery”.　　D. “balanced to the last halfpenny”.　　23. In its context the statement that “ the place was built for him” means that the café was intended to　　A. please simple people in a simple way.　　B. exploit gullible people like him.　　C. satisfy a demand that already existed.　　D. provide relaxation for tired young men.　　24. Which of the following statements about the second paragraph is NOT true?　　A. The café appealed to most senses simultaneously.　　B. The café was both full of people and full of warmth.　　C. The inside of the café was contrasted with the weather outside.　　D. It stressed the commercial determination of the café owners.　　25. The following are comparisons made by the author in the second paragraph EXCEPT that　　A. the entrance hall is compared to a railway station.　　B. the orchestra is compared to a magnet.　　C. Turgis welcomed the lift like a conquering soldier.　　D. the interior of the café is compared to warm countries.　　26. The author’s attitude to the café is　　A. fundamentally critical.　　B. slightly admiring.　　C. quite undecided.　　D. completely neutral.　　TEXT D　　I Now elsewhere in the world, Iceland may be spoken of, somewhat breathlessly, as western Europe’s last pristine wilderness. But the environmental awareness that is sweeping the world had bypassed the majority of Icelanders. Certainly they were connected to their land, the way one is complicatedly connected to, or encumbered by, family one can’t do anything about. But the truth is, once you’re off the beat-en paths of the low-lying coastal areas where everyone lives, the roads are few, and they’re all bad, so Iceland’s natural wonders have been out of reach and unknown even to its own inhab-itants. For them the land has always just been there, something that had to be dealt with and, if possible, exploited—the mind-set being one of land as commodity rather than land as, well, priceless art on the scale of the “Mona Lisa.”　　When the opportunity arose in 2003 for the national power company to enter into a 40-year contract with the American aluminum company Alcoa to supply hydroelectric power for a new smelter, those who had been dreaming of some-thing like this for decades jumped at it and never looked back. Iceland may at the moment be one of the world’s richest countries, with a 99 percent literacy rate and long life expectancy. But the proj-ect’s advocates, some of them getting on in years, were more emotionally attuned to the country’s century upon century of want, hardship, and colonial servitude to Denmark, which officially had ended only in 1944 and whose psychological imprint remained relatively fresh. For the longest time, life here had meant little more than a sod hut, dark all winter, cold, no hope, children dying left and right, earthquakes, plagues, starvation, volcanoes erupting and destroying all vegeta-tion and livestock, all spirit—a world revolving almost entirely around the welfare of one’s sheep and, later, on how good the cod catch was. In the outlying regions, it still largely does.　　Ostensibly, the Alcoa project was intended to save one of these dying  regions—the remote and sparsely populated east—where the way of life had steadily declined to a point of desperation and gloom. After fishing quotas were imposed in the early 1980s to protect fish stocks, many indi-vidual boat owners sold their allotments or gave them away, fishing rights ended up mostly in the hands of a few companies, and small fishermen were virtually wiped out. Technological advances drained away even more jobs previously done by human hands, and the people were seeing every-thing they had worked for all their lives turn up worthless and their children move away. With the old way of life doomed, aluminum projects like this one had come to be perceived, wisely or not, as a last chance. “Smelter or death.”　　The contract with Alcoa would infuse the re-gion with foreign capital, an estimated 400 jobs, and spin-off service industries. It also was a way for Iceland to develop expertise that potentially could be sold to the rest of the world; diversify an economy historically dependent on fish; and, in an appealing display of Icelandic can-do verve, perhaps even protect all of Iceland, once and for all, from the unpredictability of life itself.　　“We have to live,” Halldór Ásgrímsson said in his sad, sonorous voice. Halldór, a former prime minister and longtime member of parliament from the region, was a driving force behind the project. “We have a right to live.”　　27. According to the passage, most Icelanders view land as something of　　A. environmental value.　　B. commercial value.　　C. potential value for tourism.　　D. great value for livelihood.　　28. What is Iceland’s old-aged advocates’ feeling towards the Alcoa  project?　　A. Iceland is wealthy enough to reject the project.　　B. The project would lower life expectancy.　　C. The project would cause environmental problems.　　D. The project symbolizes and end to the colonial legacies.　　29. The disappearance of the old way of life was due to all the following EXCEPT　　A. fewer fishing companies.　　B. fewer jobs available.　　C. migration of young people.　　D. impostion of fishing quotas.　　30. The 4 paragraph in the passage　　A. sums up the main points of the passage.　　B. starts to discuss an entirely new point.　　C. elaborates on the last part of the 3 paragraph.　　D. continues to depict the bleak economic situation.　　PART III GENERAL KNOWLEDGE (10 MIN)　　There are ten multiple-choice questions in this section. Choose the best answer to each question. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET TWO.　　31. Which of the following statements in INCORRECT?　　A. The British constitution includes the Magna Carta of 1215.　　B. The British constitution includes Parliamentary acts.　　C. The British constitution includes decisions made by courts of law.　　D. The British constitution includes one single written constitution.　　32. The first city ever founded in Canada is　　A. Quebec.　　B. Vancouver.　　C. Toronto.　　D. Montreal.　　33. When did the Australian Federation officially come into being?　　A. 1770.　　B. 1788.　　C. 1900.　　D. 1901.　　34. The Emancipation Proclamation to end the slavery plantation system in the South of the U.S. was issued by　　A. Abraham Lincoln.　　B. Thomas Paine.　　C. George Washington.　　D. Thomas Jefferson.　　35. ________ is best known for the technique of dramatic monologue in his poems..　　A. Will Blake　　B. W.B. Yeats　　C. Robert Browning　　D. William Wordsworth　　36. The Financier is written by　　A. Mark Twain.　　B. Henry James.　　C. William Faulkner.　　D. Theodore Dreiser.　　37. In literature a story in verse or prose with a double meaning is defined as　　A. allegory.　　B. sonnet.　　C. blank verse.　　D. rhyme.　　38. ________ refers to the learning and development of a language.　　A. Language acquisition　　B. Language comprehension　　C. Language production　　D. Language instruction　　39. The word “ Motel” comes from “motor + hotel”. This is an example of ________ in morphology.　　A. backformation　　B. conversion　　C. blending　　D. acronym　　40. Language is t tool of communication. The symbol “ Highway Closed” on a highway serves　　A. an expressive function.　　B. an informative function.　　C. a performative function.　　D. a persuasive function.　　Part IV Proofreading & Error Correction (15 min)　　The passage contains TEN errors. Each indicated line contains a maximum of ONE error. In each case, only ONE word is involved. You should proofread the passage and correct it in the following way:　　For a wrong word,underline the wrong word and write the correct one in the blank provided at the end of the line.　　For a missing word, mark the position of the missing word with a "∧" sign and write the word you believe to be missing in the blank provided at the end of the line.　　For a unnecessary word,cross the unnecessary word with a slash "/" and put the word in the blank provided at the end of the line.　　EXAMPLE　　When ∧ art museum wants a new exhibit,　　it buys things in finished form and hangs　　them on the wall. When a natural history　　museum wants an exhibition, it must often build it.　　So far as we can tell, all human languages are equally complete and perfect as instruments of communication: that is, every language appears to be well equipped as any other to say the things their speakers want to say.　　There may or may not be appropriate to talk about primitive peoples or cultures, but that is another matter. Certainly, not all groups of people are equally competent in nuclear physics or psychology or the cultivation of rice or the engraving of Benares brass. Whereas this is not the fault of their language. The Eskimos can speak about snow with a great deal more precision and subtlety than we can in English, but this is not because the Eskimo language (one of those sometimes miscalled 'primitive') is inherently more precise and subtle than English. This example does not come to light a defect in English, a show of unexpected 'primitiveness'. The position is simply and obviously that the Eskimos and the English live in similar environments. The English language will be just as rich in terms for similar kinds of snow, presumably, if the environments in which English was habitually used made such distinction as important.　　Similarly, we have no reason to doubt that the Eskimo language could be as precise and subtle on the subject of motor manufacture or cricket if these topics formed the part of the Eskimos' life. For obvious historical reasons, Englishmen in the nineteenth century could not talk about motorcars with the minute discrimination which is possible today: cars were not a part of their culture. But they had a host of terms for horse-drawn vehicles which send us, puzzled, to a historical dictionary when we are reading Scott or Dickens. How many of us could distinguish between a chaise, a landau, a victoria, a brougham, a coupe, a gig, a diligence, a whisky, a calash, a tilbury, a carriole, a phaeton, and a clarence ?　　PART VTRANSLATION (60 MIN)　　SECTION A CHINESE TO ENGLISH　　Translate the underlined part of the following text into English. Write your translation on ANSWER SHEET THREE.　　朋友关系的存续是以相互尊重为前提的, 容不得半点强求、干涉和控制。朋友之间, 情趣相投、脾气对味则合、则交; 反之, 则离、则绝。朋友之间再熟悉, 再亲密, 也不能随便过头，不恭不敬。不然，默契和平衡将被打破, 友好关系将不复存在。每个人都希望拥有自己的私密空间，朋友之间过于随便，就容易侵入这片禁区，从而引起冲突，造成隔阂。待友不敬，或许只是一件小事，却可能已埋下了破坏性的种子。维持朋友亲密关系的最好办法是往来有节，互不干涉。　　SECTION B ENGLISH TO CHINESE　　Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on ANSWER SHEET THREE.　　I thought that it was a Sunday morning in May; that it was Easter Sunday, and as yet very early in the morning. I was standing at the door of my own cottage. Right before me lay the very scene which could really be commanded from that situation, but exalted, as was usual, and solemnized by the power of dreams. There were the same mountains, and the same lovely valley at their feet; but the mountains were raised to more than Alpine height, and there was interspace far larger between them of meadows and forest lawns; the hedges were rich with white roses; and no living creature was to be seen except that in the green churchyard there were cattle tranquilly reposing upon the graves, and particularly round about the grave of a child whom I had once tenderly loved, just as I had really seen them, a little before sunrise in the same summer, when that child died. 我想那是五月的一个周日的早晨;那天是复活节，一个大清早上。我站在自家小屋的门口。就在我的面前展现出了那么一番景色，从我那个位置其实能够尽收眼底，可是梦里的感觉往往如此，由于梦幻的力量，这番景象显得超凡出尘，一派肃穆气象。群山形状相同，其山脚下都有着同样可爱的山谷;不过群山挺然参天，高于阿尔卑斯峰，诸山相距空旷，丰草如茵，林地开阔，错落其间;树篱上的白玫瑰娟娟弥望;远近看不见任何生物，唯有苍翠的教堂庭院里，牛群静静地卧躺在那片郁郁葱葱的墓地歇息，好几头围绕着一个小孩的坟墓。我曾对她一腔柔情，那年夏天是在旭日东升的前一刻，那孩子死去了，我如同当年那样望着牛群。　　PART VI WRITING (45 MIN)　　Recently newspapers have reported that officials in a little-known mountainous area near Guiyang, Guizhou Province wanted to turn the area into a “central business district” for Guiyang and invited a foreign design company to give it a n entirely new look. The design company came up with a blueprint for unconventional, super-futuristic buildings. Tis triggered off different responses. Some appreciated the bold innovation of the design, but others held that it failed to reflect regional characteristics or local cultural heritage. What is your view on this? Write an essay of about 400 words. You should supply an appropriate title for your essay.　　In the first part of your writing you should state clearly your main argument, and in the second part you should support your argument with appropriate details. In the last part you should bring what you have written to a natural conclusion or make a summary.　　Marks will be awarded for content, organization, grammar and appropriateness. Failure to follow the above instructions may result in a loss of marks.　　Write your essay on ANSWER SHEET FOUR.　　—THE END –2010年英语专八真题答案　　参考答案　　1 tones of voice 2 huskiness 3 universal signal; 4 thought or uncertainty 5 indifference 6 honesty 7 distance; 8 situation; 9 mood; 10 unconsciously same posture　　SECTION B INTERVIEW　　1. C 2. A 3. D 4. A 5. C　　6. B 7.C 8. D 9. D 10. A　　PART IIREADING COMPREHENSION　　11.A 12.C 13.B 14.A 15.D　　16.C 17.C 18.A 19.D 20.B　　21. A 22.B 23. B 24.B 25. C　　26.A 27.D 28.D 29.A 30.C　　31-35 DAAAC　　36-40 DAACB　　Part IV Proofreading & Error Correction　　1 be后插入as; 2 their改为its; 3 There改为It; 4 Whereas改为But 5 further 改为much　　6 come改为bring; 7 similar改为different; 8 will改为would; 9 as important去掉as; 10 the part去掉the　　SECTION A CHINESE TO ENGLISH　　Friends tend to become more intimated if they have the same interests and temper, they can get along well and keep contacting; otherwise they will separate and end the relationship. Friends who are more familiar and closer can not be too casual and show no respect. Otherwise the harmony and balance will be broken, and the friendship will also be nonexistent any more. Everyone hopes to have his own private space, and if too casual among friends, it is easy to invade this piece of restricted areas, which will lead to the conflict, resulting in alienation. It may be a small matter to be rude to friends; however, it is likely to plant the devastating seeds. The best way to keep the close relationship between friends is to keep contacts with restraint, and do not bother each other.　　SECTION B ENGLISH TO CHINESE　　我想那是五月的一个周日的早晨;那天是复活节，一个大清早上。我站在自家小屋的门口。就在我的面前展现出了那么一番景色，从我那个位置其实能够尽收眼底，可是梦里的感觉往往如此，由于梦幻的力量，这番景象显得超凡出尘，一派肃穆气象。群山形状相同，其山脚下都有着同样可爱的山谷;不过群山挺然参天，高于阿尔卑斯峰，诸山相距空旷，丰草如茵，林地开阔，错落其间;树篱上的白玫瑰娟娟弥望;远近看不见任何生物，唯有苍翠的教堂庭院里，牛群静静地卧躺在那片郁郁葱葱的墓地歇息，好几头围绕着一个小孩的坟墓。我曾对她一腔柔情，那年夏天是在旭日东升的前一刻，那孩子死去了，我如同当年那样望着牛群。　　PART VI WRITING　　The important role of a city’s local conditions in the urban design　　Recently there is a hot debate on a report that a foreign design company invited by a little-known mountainous area in Guiyang provided a design without paying too much attention to the city’s unique characteristics. Some people appreciate the bold innovation of the design but others do not like it. In my opinion, any urban design should take the city’s original cultural heritage into account. The designers should suit their design to local conditions and try to take advantage of the local resources.　　First, a city’s regional characteristics or local cultural heritage are its symbol, its identity. In a mountainous area, too many unconventional, super-futuristic buildings will not be compatible with the city’s landscapes. Without these landscapes, it is just another so called modern city composed of concrete and steel. Take Beijing for example. In the past few years, Beijing has been removing a large number of such alleys traditionally called hutong, in order to make it become a real international city. But without these hutongs can this city still be called Beijing, an ancient capital? The disappearance of hutongs means the disappearance of a period of history, a cordial lifestyle, and even the disappearance of Beijing itself. Then Beijing will lose its uniqueness.　　Second, it can help a city save a lot of money by suiting the design to local conditions and try to take advantage of the local resources. This is especially important to small cities, like this one in a mountainous area near Guiyang. We all know Guiyang is a developing city, not very rich. Unconventional, super-futuristic buildings mean large need of money input. Then more burdens may be added to this city, which will run counter to the city’s original purpose of developing itself. Instead, if connections between a city’s culture and the various urban sectors, including housing, infrastructure and governance, are well made, the maximum economic benefits will be achieved.　　Besides, the modernization should be a gradual process. More haste, less speed. Nonetheless, it should not be overlooked that the shortcomings of futuristic-style constructing outweigh its advantages brought.　　In conclusion, any urban design should take the city’s original cultural heritage into account. The designers should suit their design to local conditions and try to take advantage of the local resources. A scientific city design should be dependent on the city’s regional characteristics, on a case-by-case basis.2012英语专八真题及答案　　TEST FOR ENGLISH MAJORS (2012)-GRADE EIGHT- TIME LIMIT: 195 MIN　　PART I LISTENING COMPREttENSION (35 MIN)　　SECTION A MINI-LECTURE　　In this section you will hear a mini-lecture. You will hear the lecture ONCE ONLY While listening, take notes on the important points. Your notes will not be marked, but you will need them to complete a gap-filling task after the mini-lecture. When the lecture is over, you will be given two minutes to check your notes, and another ten minutes to complete the gap-filling task on ANSWER SHEET ONE, using no more than three words in each gap. Make sure the word(s) you fill in is (are) both grammatically and semantically acceptable. You may refer to your notes while completing the task. Use the blank sheet for note-taking. Now, listen to the mini-lecture. 　　 Observation Behaviour　　People do observation in daily life context for safety or for proper behaviour. However, there are differences in daily life observation and research observation.　　A. Differences　　---- daily life observation　　--casual　　--(1) ________　　--defendence on memory　　---- research observation　　-- (2) _________　　-- careful record keeping　　B. Ways to select samples in research　　---- time sampling　　-- systematic: e.g. fixed intervals every hour　　-- random: fixed intervals but (3) _______　　Systematic sampling and random sampling are often used in combination.　　---- (4) _______　　-- definition: selection of different locations　　-- reason: humans’ or animals’ behaviour (5) ______ across circumstances　　-- (6) ______: more objective observations　　C. Ways to record behaviour (7) _______　　---- observation with intervention　　-- participant observation: researcher as observer and participant　　-- field experiment: research (8) ______ over conditions　　---- observation without intervention　　-- purpose: describing behaviour (9) ______　　-- (10) ______ : no intervention　　-- researcher: a passive recorder　　SECTION B INTERVIEW　　In this section you will hear everything ONCE ONLY. Listen carefully and then answer the questions that follow. Mark the best answer to each question on ANSWER SHEET TWO.　　Questions 1 to 5 are based on an interview. At the end of the interview you will be given 10 seconds to answer each of the foliowing five questions. Now listen to the interview.　　1. Which of the following statements about creativity is INCORRECT?　　A. Creativity stems from human beings novel thinking.　　B. The duration of the creative process varies from person to person.　　C. Creative people focus on novel thinking rather than on solutions.　　D. The outcome of human creativity comes in varied forms.　　2. The interviewee cites the Bach family to show that creativity　　A. appears to be the result of the environment.　　B. seems to be attributable to genetic makeup.　　C. appears to be more associated with great people.　　D. comes from both environment and genetic makeup.　　3. How many types of the creative process does the interviewee describe?　　A. One. B. Two. C. Three. D. Four.　　4. Which of the following features of a creative personality is NOT mentioned in the interview?　　A. Unconventional. B. Original.　　C. Resolute. D. Critical.　　5. The interviewees suggestion for a creativity workout supports the view that　　A. brain exercising will not make people creative.　　B. most people have diversified interests and hobbies.　　C. the environment is significant in the creative process.　　D. creativity can only be found in great people.　　SECTION C NEWS BROADCAST　　In this section you will hear everything ONCE ONLY. Listen carefully and then answer the questions that follow. Mark the best answer to each question on ANSWER SHEET TWO. Question 6 is based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the question. Now listen to the news.　　6. What is the news item mainly about?　　A. U.S. astronauts made three space walks.　　B. An international space station was set up.　　C. A problem in the cooling system was solved.　　D. A 350-kilogram ammonia pump was removed.　　Questions 7 and 8 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions. Now listen to the news.　　7. In which country would parents often threaten to punish children by leaving them outside?　　A. India. B. The Philippines.　　C. Egypt. D. Not mentioned.　　8. What is the main purpose of the study?　　A. To reveal cultural differences and similarities.　　B. To expose cases of child abuse and punishment.　　C. To analyze child behaviour across countries.　　D. To investigate ways of physical punishment.　　Questions 9 and 10 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions. Now listen to the news.　　9. According to the news item, Japans economic growth in the second quarter was ____ less than the first quarter.　　A. 0.6 percent B. 3.4 percent　　C. 4 percent D. 3 percent　　10. How many reasons does the news item cite for Japans slow economic  growth?　　A. 2. B. 3. C. 4. D. 5.　　PART II READING COMPREHENSION (30 MIN)　　In this section there are four reading passages followed by a total of 20 multiple-choice questions. Read the passages and then mark the best answer to each question on ANSWER SHEET TWO.　　TEXT A　　I used to look at my closet and see clothes. These days, whenever I cast my eyes upon the stacks of shoes and hangers of shirts, sweaters and jackets, I see water.　　It takes 569 gallons to manufacture a T-shirt, from its start in the cotton fields to its appearance on store shelves. A pair of running shoes? 1,247 gallons.　　Until last fall, Id been oblivious to my "water footprint", which is defined as the total volume of freshwater that is used to produce goods and services, according to the Water Footprint Network. The Dutch nonprofit has been working to raise awareness of freshwater scarcity since 2008, but it was through the "Green Blue Book" by Thomas M. Kostigen that I was able to see how my own actions factored in.　　Ive installed gray-water systems to reuse the wastewater from my laundry, machine and bathtub and reroute it to my landscape - systems that save, on average, 50 gallons of water per day. Ive set up rain barrels and infiltration pits to collect thousands of gallons of storm water cascading from my roof. Ive even entered the last bastion of greendom -installing a composting toilet.　　Suffice to say, Ive been feeling pretty satisfied with myself for all the drinking water Ive saved with these big-ticket projects.　　Now I realize that my daily consumption choices could have an even larger effect –not only on the local water supply but also globally: 1.1 billion people have no access to freshwater, and, in the future, those who do have access will have less of it.　　To see how much virtual water 1 was using, I logged on to the "Green Blue Book" website and used its water footprint calculator, entering my daily consumption habits. Tallying up the water footprint of my breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks, as well as my daily dose of over-the-counter uppers and downers - coffee, wine and beer- Im using 512 gallons of virtual water each day just to feed myself.　　In a word: alarming.　　Even more alarming was how much hidden water I was using to get dressed. Im hardly a clotheshorse, but the few new items I buy once again trumped the amount of water flowing from my faucets each day. If Im serious about saving water, I realized I could make some simple lifestyle shifts. Looking more closely at the areas in my life that use the most virtual water, it was food and clothes, specifically meat, coffee and, oddly, blue jeans and leather jackets.　　Being a motorcyclist, I own an unusually large amount of leather - boots and jackets in particular. All of it is enormously water intensive. It takes 7,996 gallons to make a leather.jacket, leather being a byproduct of beef. It takes 2,866 gallons of water to make a single pair of blue jeans, because theyre made from water-hogging cotton.　　Crunching the numbers for the amount of clothes I buy every year, it looks a lot like my friends swimming pool. My entire closet is borderline Olympic.Gulp.　　My late resolution is to buy some items used. Underwear and socks are, of course, exempt from this strategy, but 1 have no problem shopping less and also shopping at Goodwill. In fact, Id been doing that for the past year to save money. My clothes outrageous water footprint just reintbrced it for me.　　More conscious living and substitution, rather than sacrifice, are the prevailing ideas with the water footprint. Its one Im trying, and thats had an unusual upside. I had a hamburger recently, and I enjoyed it a lot more since it is now an occasional treat rather than a weekly habit.(One gallon =3.8 litres)　　11. According to the passage, the Water Footprint Network　　A. made the author aware of freshwater shortage.　　B. helped the author get to know the Green Blue Book.　　C. worked for freshwater conservation for nonprofit purposes.　　D. collaborated with the Green Blue Book in freshwater conservation.　　12. Which of the following reasons can best explain the authors feeling of self-satisfaction?　　A. He made contribution to drinking water conservation in his own way.　　B. Money spent on upgrading his household facilities was worthwhile.　　C. His house was equipped with advanced water-saving facilities.　　D. He could have made even greater contribution by changing his lifestyle.　　13. According to the context, "...how mv own actions factored in" means　　A. how I could contribute to water conservation.　　B. what efforts I should make to save fresh water.　　C. what behaviour could be counted as freshwater-saving.　　D. how much of what I did contributed to freshwater shortage.　　14. According to the passage, the author was more alarmed by the fact  that　　A. he was having more meat and coffee.　　B. his clothes used even more virtual water.　　C. globally there will be less fresh water.　　D. his lifestyle was too extravagant.　　15. "My entire closet is borderline Olympic" is an example of　　A. exaggeration. B. analogy.　　C. understatement. D. euphemism.　　16. What is the tone of the author in the last paragraph?　　A. Sarcastic. B. Ironic. C. Critical. D. Humorous.　　TEXT B　　In her novel of "Reunion, American Style", Rona Jaffe suggests that a class reunion "is more than a sentimental journey. It is also a way of answering the question that lies at the back of nearly all our minds. Did they do better than I?"　　Jaffes observation may be misplaced but not completely lost. According to a study conducted by social psychologist Jack Sparacino, the overwhelming majority who attend reunions arent there invidiously to compare their recent accomplishments with those of their former classmates. Instead, they hope, primarily, to relive their earlier successes.　　Certainly, a few return to show their former classmates how well they have done; others enjoy observing the changes that have occurred in their classmates (not always in themselves, of course). But the majority who attend their class reunions do so to relive the good times they remember having when they were younger. In his study, Sparacino found that, as high school students, attendees had been more popular, more often regarded as attractive, and more involved in extracurricular activities than those classmates who chose not to attend. For those who turned up at their reunions, then, the old times were also the good times!　　It would appear that Americans have a special fondness for reunions, judging by their prevalence. Major league baseball players, fraternity members, veterans groups, high school and college graduates, and former Boy Scouts all hold reunions on a regular basis. In addition, family reunions frequently attract blood relatives from faraway places who spend considerable money and time to reunite.　　Actually, in their affection for reuniting with friends, family or colleagues, Americans are probably no different from any other people, except that Americans have created a mind-boggling number and variety of institutionalized forms of gatherings to facilitate the satisfaction of this desire. Indeed, reunions have increasingly become formal events that are organized on a regular basis and, in the process, they have also become big business.　　Shell Norris of Class Reunion, Inc., says that Chicago alone has 1,500 high school reunions each year. A conservative estimate on the national level would be 10,000 annually. At one time, all high school reunions were organized by volunteers, usually female homemakers. In the last few years, however, as more and more women have entered the labour force, alumni reunions are increasingly being planned by specialized companies rather than by part-time volunteers.　　The first college reunion was held by the alumni of Yale University in 1792. Graduates of Pennsylvania, Princeton, Stanford, and Brown followed suit. And by the end of the 19th century,　　most 4-year institutions were holding alumni reunions.　　The variety of college reunions is impressive. At Princeton, alumni parade through the town wearing their class uniforms and singing their alma mater. At Marietta College, they gather for a dinner-dance on a steamship cruising the Ohio River.　　Clearly, the thought of cruising on a steamship or marching through the streets is usually not, by itself, sufficient reason for large numbers of alumni to return to campus. Alumni who decide to attend their reunions share a common identity based on the years they spent together as undergraduates. For this reason, universities that somehow establish a common bond – for example, because they are relatively small or especially prestigious - tend to draw substantial numbers of their alumni to reunions. In an effort to enhance this common identity, larger colleges and universities frequently build their class reunions on participation in smaller units, such as departments or schools. Or they encourage "affinity reunions" for groups of former cheerleaders, editors,  fraternity members, musicians, members of military organizations on campus, and the like.　　Of course, not every alumnus is fond of his or her alma mater. Students who graduated during the late 1960s may be especially reluctant to get involved in alumni events. They were part of the generation that conducted sit-ins and teach-ins directed at university administrators, protested military recruitment on campus and marched against "establishment politics." If this generation has a common identity, it may fall outside of their university ties - or even be hostile to them. Even as they enter their middle years, alumni who continue to hold unpleasant memories of college during this period may not wish to attend class reunions.　　17. According to the passage, Sparacinos study　　A. provided strong evidence for Jaffes statement.　　B. showed that attendees tended to excel in high school study.　　C. found that interest in reunions was linked with school experience.　　D. found evidence for attendees intense desire for showing off success.　　18. Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a distinct feature of U.S. class reunions?　　A. U.S. class reunions are usually occasions to show off ones recent success.　　B. Reunions are regular and formal events organized by professional agencies.　　C. Class reunions have become a profitable business.　　D. Class reunions have brought about a variety of activities.　　19. What mainly attracts many people to return to campus for reunion?　　A. The variety of activities for class reunion.　　B. The special status their university enjoys.　　C. Shared experience beyond the campus.　　D. Shared undergraduate experience on campus.　　20. The rhetorical function of the first paragraph is to　　A. introduce Rona Jeffes novel.　　B. present the authors counterargument.　　C. serve as prelude to the authors argument.　　D. bring into focus contrasting opinions.　　21. What is the passage mainly about?　　A. Reasons for popularity and (non)attendance for alumni reunions.　　B. A historical perspective for alumni reunions in the United States.　　C. Alumni reunions and American university traditions.　　D. Alumni reunion and its social and economic implications.　　TEXT C　　One time while on his walk George met Mr. Cattanzara coming home very late from work. He wondered if he was drunk but then could tell he wasnt. Mr. Cattanzara, a stocky, bald-headed man who worked in a change booth on an IRT station, lived on the next block after Georges, above a shoe repair store. Nights, during the hot weather, he sat on his stoop in an undershirt, reading the New York Times in the light of the shoemakers window. He read it from the first page to the last, then went up to sleep. And all the time he was reading the paper, his wife, a fat woman with a white face, leaned out of the window, gazing into the street, her thick white arms folded under her loose breast, on the window ledge.　　Once in a while Mr. Cattanzara came home drunk, but it was a quiet drunk. He never made any trouble, only walked stiffly up the street and slowly climbed the stairs into the hall. Though drunk he looked the same as always, except for his tight walk, the quietness, and that his eyes were wet. George liked Mr. Cattanzara because he remembered him giving him nickels to buy lemon ice with when he was a squirt. Mr. Cattanzara was a different type than those in the neighbourhood. He asked different questions than the others when he met you, and he seemed to know what went on in all the newspapers. He read them, as his fat sick wife watched from the window.　　"What are you doing with yourself this summer, George?" Mr. Cattanzara asked. "l see you walkin around at night."　　George felt embarrassed. "I like to walk."　　"What are you doin in the day now?"　　"Nothing much just now. Im waiting for a job." Since it shamed him to admit that he wasnt working, George said, "Im reading a lot to pick up my  education."　　"What are you readin?"　　George hesitated, then said, "I got a list of books in the library once and now Im gonna read them this summer." He felt strange and a little unhappy saying this, but he wanted Mr. Cattanzara to respect him.　　"How many books are there on it?"　　"I never counted them. Maybe around a hundred."　　Mr. Cattanzara whistled through his teeth.　　"I figure if l did that," George went on earnestly, "it would help me in my education. 1 dont mean the kind they give you in high school. I want to know different things than they learn there, if you know what I mean."　　The change maker nodded. "Still and all, one hundred books is a pretty big load for one　　summer."　　"It might take longer."　　"After youre finished with some, maybe you and I can shoot the breeze about them?" said Mr. Cattanzara.　　"When Im finished," George answered.　　Mr. Cattanzara went home and George continued on his walk. After that, though he had the urge to, George did nothing different from usual. He still took his walks at night, ending up in the little park. But one evening the shoemaker on the next block stopped George to say he was a good boy, and George figured that Mr. Cattanzara had told him all about the books he was reading. From the shoemaker it must have gone down the street, because George saw a couple of people smiling kindly at him, though nobody spoke to him personally. He felt a little better around the neighbourhood and liked it more, though not so much he would want to live in it forever. He had never exactly disliked the people in it, yet he had never liked them very much either. It was the fault of the neighbourhood. To his surprise, George found out that his father and his sister Sophie knew about his reading too. His father was too shy to say anything about it - he was never much of a talker in his whole life -- but Sophie was softer to George, and she showed him in other ways she was proud of him.　　22. In the excerpt, Mr. Cattanzara was described as a man who　　A. was fond of drinking. B. showed a wide interest.　　C. often worked overtime. D. liked to gossip after work.　　23. It can be inferred from the passage that　　A. Mr. Cattanzara was surprised at Georges reading plan.　　B. Mr. Cannazara was doubtful about George throughout.　　C. George was forced to tell a lie and then regretted.　　D. George lied at the beginning and then became serious.　　24. After the street conversation with Mr. Cattanzara, George　　A. remained the same as usual.　　B. became more friendly with Mr. Cattanzara.　　C. began to like his neighbours more than ever.　　D. continued to read the books from the list.　　25. We can tell from the excerpt that George　　A. had a neither close nor distant relationship with his father.　　B. was dissatisfied with his life and surroundings.　　C. found that his sister remained skeptical about him.　　D. found his neighbours liked to poke their nose into him.　　TEXT D　　Abraham Lincoln turns 200 this year, and hes beginning to show his age. When his birthday arrives, on February 12, Congress will hold a special joint session in the Capitols National Statuary Hall, a wreath will be laid at the great memorial in Washington, and a webcast will link school classrooms for a "teach-in" honouring his memory.　　Admirable as they are, though, the events will strike many of us Lincoln fans as inadequate, even halfhearted -- and another sign that our appreciation for the 16th president and his towering achievements is slipping away. And you dont have to be a Lincoln enthusiast to believe that this is something we cant afford to lose.　　Compare this years celebration with the Lincoln centennial, in 1909. That year, Lincolns likeness made its debut on the penny, thanks to approval from the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury. Communities and civic associations in every comer of the country erupted in parades, concerts, balls, lectures, and military displays. We still feel the effects today: The momentum unloosed in 1909 led to the Lincoln Memorial, opened in 1922, and the Lincoln Highway, the first paved transcontinental thoroughfare.　　The celebrants in 1909 had a few inspirations we lack today. Lincolns  presidency was still a living memory for countless Americans. In 2009 we are farther in time from the end of the Second World War than they were from the Civil War; families still felt the loss of loved ones from that awful national trauma.　　But Americans in 1909 had something more: an unembarrassed appreciation for heroes and an acute sense of the way that even long-dead historical figures press in on the present and make us who we are.　　One story will illustrate what lm talking about.　　In 2003 a group of local citizens arranged to place a statue of Lincoln in Richmond, Virginia, former capital of the Confederacy. The idea touched off a firestorm of controversy. The Sons of Confederate Veterans held a public conference of carefully selected scholars to "reassess" the legacy of Lincoln. The verdict - no surprise - was negative: Lincoln was labeled everything from a racist totalitarian to a teller of dirty jokes.　　I covered the conference as a reporter, but what really unnerved me was a counter-conference of scholars to refute the earlier one. These scholars drew a picture of Lincoln that only our touchy-feely age could conjure up. The man who oversaw the most savage war in our history was described - by his admirers, remember - as "nonjudgmental," "unmoralistic," "comfortable with ambiguity."　　I felt the way a friend of mine felt as we later watched the unveiling of the Richmond statue in a subdued ceremony: "But hes so small!"　　The statue in Richmond was indeed small; like nearly every Lincoln statue put up in the past half century, it was life-size and was placed at ground level, a conscious rejection of the heroic - approachable and human, yes, but not something to look up to.　　The Richmond episode taught me that Americans have lost the language to explain Lincolns greatness even to ourselves. Earlier generations said they wanted their children to be like Lincoln: principled, kind, compassionate, resolute. Today we want Lincoln to be like us.　　This helps to explain the long string of recent books in which writers have presented a Lincoln made after their own image. Weve had Lincoln as humorist and Lincoln as manic-depressive, Lincoln the business sage, the conservative Lincoln and the liberal Lincoln, the emancipator and the racist, the stoic philosopher, the Christian, the atheist - Lincoln over easy and Lincoln scrambled.　　Whats often missing,, though, i, s the timeless Lincoln, the Lincoln whom all generations, our own no less than that of 1909, can lay claim to. Lucky for us, those memorializers from a century ago - and, through them, Lincoln himself- have left us a hin, t of where to find him. The Lincoln Memorial is the mos, , t visited of our presidential monuments. Here is where we find the Lincoln who endures: in the words he left us, defining the country weve inherited. Here is the Lincoln who can be endlessly renewed and who, 200 years after his birth, retains the power to renew us.　　26. The author thinks that this years celebration is inadequate and even halfhearted because　　A. no Lincoln statue will be unveiled.　　B. no memorial coins will be issued.　　C. no similar appreciation of Lincoln will be seen.　　D. no activities can be compared to those in 1909.　　27. According to the passage, what really makes the 1909 celebrations  different from this years?　　A. Respect for great people and their influence.　　B. Variety and magnitude of celebration activities.　　C. Structures constructed in memory of Lincoln.　　D. Temporal proximity to Lincolns presidency.　　28. In the authors opinion, the counter-conference　　A. rectified the judgment by those carefully selected scholars.　　B. offered a brand new reassessment perspective.　　C. came up with somewhat favourable conclusions.　　D. resulted in similar disparaging remarks on Lincoln.　　29. According to the author, the image of Lincoln conceived by contemporary people　　A. conforms to traditional images.　　B. reflects the present-day tendency of worship.　　C. shows the present-day desire to emulate Lincoln.　　D. reveals the variety of current opinions on heroes.　　30. Which of the following best explains the implication of the last paragraph?　　A. Lincolns greatness remains despite the passage of time.　　B. The memorial is symbolic of the great mans achievements.　　C. Each generation has it own interpretation of Lincoln.　　D. People get to know Lincoln through memorializers.　　PART III GENERAL KNOWLEDGE (10 MIN)　　There are ten multiple-choice questions in this section. Mark the best answer to each question on ANSWER SHEET TWO.　　31. The Maori people are natives of　　A. Australia. B. Canada. C. Ireland. D. New Zealand.　　32. The British monarch is the Head of　　A. Parliament. B. State. C. Government. D. Cabinet.　　33. Americans celebrate Independence Day on　　A. July 4th. B. October 11th. C. May 31st. D. September 6th.　　34. Canada is bounded on the north by　　A. the Pacific Ocean. B. the Atlantic Ocean.　　C. the Arctic Ocean. D. the Great Lakes.　　35. Who is the author of The Waste Lana?　　A. George Bernard Shaw. B. W.B. Yeats.　　C. Dylan Thomas. D. T.S. Eliot.　　36. Which of the following novelists wrote The Sound and the Fury?　　A. William Faulkner. B. Ernest Hemingway.　　C. Scott Fitzgerald. D. John Steinbeck.　　37. "The lettuce was lonely without tomatoes and cucumbers for company" is an example of　　A. exaggeration. B. understatement.　　C. personification. D. synecdoche.　　38. In English ifa word begins with a [l] or a [r], then the next sound must be a vowel. This is a (n)　　A. assimilation rule. B. sequential rule. C.deletion rule. D. grammar  rule.　　39. Which of the following is an example of clipping?　　A.APEC. B.Motel. C.Xerox. D.Disco.　　40. The type of language which is selected as appropriate to a particular type of" situation is called　　A. register. B. dialect. C. slang. D. variety　　PART IV PROOFREADING & ERROR CORRECTION (15 MIN)　　The passage contains TEN errors. Each indicated line contains a maximum of ONE error. In each case, only ONE word is involved. You should proof-read the passage and correct it in the following way:　　For a wrong word, underline the wrong word and write the correct one in the blank　　provided at the end of the line.　　For a missing word, mark the position of the missing word with a "L" sign and write the　　word you believe to be missing in the blank provided at the end of the　　line.　　For an unnecessary word, cross the unnecessary word with a slash "/" and put the word in the　　blank provided at the end of the line.　　EXAMPLE　　When A art museum wants a new exhibit, (1) an　　it never buys things in finished form and hangs (2) never　　them on the wall. When a natural history museum　　wants an exhibition, it must often build it. (3) exhibit　　Proofread the given passage on ANSWER SHEET TWO as instructed.　　The central problem of translating has always been whether to translate literally or freely. The argument has been going since at least the first (1) ______　　century B.C. Up to the beginning of the 19th century, many writers　　favoured certain kind of “free” translation: the spirit, not the letter; the (2) _______　　sense not the word; the message rather the form; the matter not (3) _______　　the manner. This is the often revolutionary slogan of writers who (4)  _______　　wanted the truth to be read and understood. Then in the turn of 19th (5) _______　　century, when the study of cultural anthropology suggested that　　the linguistic barriers were insuperable and that the language (6) _______　　was entirely the product of culture, the view translation was impossible (7) _______　　gained some currency, and with it that, if was attempted at all, it must be as (8) _______　　literal as possible. This view culminated the statement of the (9) _______　　extreme “literalists” Walter Benjamin and Vladimir Nobokov.　　The argument was theoretical: the purpose of the translation, the　　nature of the readership, the type of the text, was not discussed. Too　　often, writer, translator and reader were implicitly identified with　　each other. Now, the context has changed, and the basic problem remains. (10) _____　　PART V TRANSLATION (60 MIN)　　SECTION A CHINESE TO ENGLISH　　Translate the underlined part of the following text into English. Write your translation on　　ANSWER SHEET THREE.　　泊珍到偏远小镇的育幼院把生在那里养到1岁的孩子接回来。但泊珍看他第一眼，仿似一声雷劈头而来。令她晕头胀脑，这l岁的孩子脸型长得如此熟悉，她心里的第一道声音是，不能带回去!　　痛苦纠聚心中，眉心发烫发热，胸口郁闷难展，胃里一股气冲喉而上。院长说这孩子发育迟缓时，她更是心头无绪。她在孩子所待的房里来回踱步，这房里还有其他小孩。整个房间只有一扇窗，窗外树影婆娑。就让孩子留下来吧，这里有善心的神父和修女，这里将来会扩充为有医疗作用的看护中心，这是留住孩子最好的地方。这孩子是她的秘密，她将秘密留在这树林掩映的建筑罩。　　她将秘密留在心头。　　SECTION B ENGLISH TO CHINESE　　Translate the underlined part of the following text into Chinese Write your translation on ANSWER SHEET THREE.　　In some cases, intelligent people implementing intelligent policies are responsible for producing a "boomerang effect"; they actually create more of whatever it is they seek to reduce in the first place.　　The boomerang effect has been achieved many times in recent years by men and women of goodwill. State legislatures around the nation have recently raised the drinking age back to 21 in an effort to reduce the prevalence of violent deaths among our young people. But such policies seem instead to have created the conditions for even more campus violence. Some college students who previously drank in bars and lounges under the watchful supervision of bouncers (夜总会,酒吧等保安人员) (not to mention owners ea~er to keep their liquor licenses) now retreat to the sanctuary of their fraternity houses and apartments, where they no longer control their behaviour - or their drinking.　　The boomerang effect has also played a role in attempts to reduce the  availability of illicit drugs. During recent years, the federal government has been quite successful in reducing the supply of street drugs. As fields are burned and contraband (违禁品)confiscated, the price of street drugs has skyrocketed to a point where cheap altematives have begun to compete in the marketplace. Unfortunately, the cheap alternatives are even more harmful than the illicit drugs they replace.　　boomerang: a curved flat piece of wood that can be thrown so as to retum to the thrower 回飞镖　　PART VI WRITING (45 MIN)　　A recent survey of 2,000 college students asked about their attitudes  towards phone calls and text-messaging (also known as Short Message Service) and found the students main goal was to pass along information in as little time, with as little small talk, as possible. "What they like most about their mobile devices is that they can reach other people," says Naomi Baron, a professor of linguistics at American University in Washington, D.C., who conducted the survey. "What they like least is that other people can reach them." How far do you agree with Professor Baron?　　In the first part of your essay you should state clearly your main argument, and in the second part you should support your argument with appropriate details. In the last part you should bring what you have written to a natural conclusion or make a summary.　　You should supply an appropriate title for your essay.　　Marks will be awarded for content, organization, language and appropriateness. Failure to follow the above instructions may result in a loss of marks.　　Write your essay on ANSWER SHEET FOUR.　　2012英语专八参考答案　　听力部分　　1. rarely formal records　　2. systematic objective manner　　3. variable　　4. situation sampling　　5. varies　　6. advantage　　7. as it occurs　　8. has more control　　9. in natural setting　　10. method　　阅读部分　　TEXT A　　11. C. worked for freshwater conservation for nonprofit purposes.　　12. C. His house was equipped with advanced water-saving facilities.　　13. A. how I could contribute to water conversation.　　14. D. his lifestyle was too extravagant.　　15. A. exaggeration.　　16.D. Humorous.　　TEXT B　　17. C. found that interest in reunions was linked with school experience.　　18. A. U.S. class reunions are usually occasions to show off ones recent success.　　19. D. Shared undergraduate experience on campus.　　20. D. bring into focus contrasting opinions.　　21. A. Reasons for popularity and (non)attendance for alumni reunions.　　TEXT C　　22. B. showed a wide interest.　　23. A. Mr. Cattanzara was surprised at Georges reading plan.　　24. A. remained the same as usual.　　25. B. was dissatisfied with his life and surroundings.　　TEXT D　　26. D. no activities can be compared to those in 1909.　　27. B. Variety and magnitude of celebration activities.　　28. D. resulted in similar disparaging remarks on Lincoln.　　29. D. reveals the variety of current opinions on heroes.　　30. A. Lincolns greatness remains despite the passage of time.　　人文知识　　The indigenous people of New Zealand are the Maori.　　31. D. N ew Zealand　　32. B. state　　33. A. July 4th　　34. C. the Arctic Ocean　　35. D. T.S.Eliot　　36. A. William Faulkner　　37. C. personification　　38. B. sequential rule　　39. D. Disco　　40. A. register　　改错部分　　1. going 后加 on　　2. cerain 改成 some　　3. rather 后加 than　　4. is 改为 was　　5. in 改为 at　　6. 去掉 the　　7. view 后加 that　　8. 删掉 was　　9. statement 改为 statements　　10.and 改为 but　　翻译部分　　汉译英　　Tortured by the pains gathering in her heart, she felt something was burning between her eyebrows. Her chest was brimmed with depression which was likely to run out of her throat at any moment. She could not think clearly any longer when the headmaster told her that the child suffered from developmental retardation. She strode up and down in the room where her child stayed with other pals. There was only one window in the room, out of which some shady trees were whispering. “Just leave it here”, she told herself, “This is the best choice by far, for there are kind priests and nuns in this place which may also be renovated into a Medicare center”. The child was her secret which would be kept in the buildings behind the woods.　　英译汉　　然而上述政策反而引发了更多的校园暴力。一些大学生先前在夜总会的酒吧买醉，处于保安人员严密的监控之下(酒吧老板们为了保住自己卖酒的牌照也不会允许过激的事情发生)。现在，大学生们躲到他们互助会会所和公寓中酗酒,对自己饮酒的数量或行为都不再控制。政府在打击非法毒品方面采取的措施同样适得其反。近年来,联邦政府已经有效地抑制了街头毒品买卖。警方捣毁了很多毒品种植地，没收了违禁品，导致毒品的价格暴涨，那些便宜的替代品因此也有了竞争力。糟糕的是，那些便宜的替换品带来的危害甚至比他们所替代的毒品更大。　  2012专八作文真题范文2013英语专八真题及答案 　　请点击下载：         2013年专八真题答案　　听力部分　　Mini-- lecture　　1.checking their understanding 2. reflective on information 3.incomprehensible 4.what you read 5.organized 6.monitoring their understanding 7.differ 8.blame 9.performance 10.active learning　　听力选择题　　1. better education—greater mobility—more choices　　2. shorter work hours was least chosen for being most important　　3. the way in which the questions were designed　　4. psychological reward is more important than material one　　5. chances for advancement　　6. passengers　　7. renters can take a shower inside the box　　8. police preventive measures for the carnival　　9. the causes of death during the famine　　10. in the 1950s　　阅读理解　　11.the appearance of advertisement in newspaper.　　12.more people are involved in finding, discussing and distributing news　　13.planning the return to coffee-house news.　　14.optimistic and cautious　　15.the participator nature of news.　　16. regret　　17.fasionable Parisian women return to Paris　　18. can be happy if they want　　19. its implications for life　　20. thoughtfulness　　21. Geographic location　　22. the government’s determination　　23. denmark’s energy-saving success offers the world a useful model　　24. the country’s previous experience of oil shortage　　25. energy saving cannot go together with economic growth.　　26. shops try all kinds of means to please customers　　27. over-friendly　　28. customers have got a sense of superiority　　29. keep asking for more discounts　　30. the practice of frugality is of great importance　　人文知识　　31. the commonwealth of Austrilia　　32. its heavy industries.　　33. two-year programmes　　34. 1997　　35. safe and sound　　36. George Bernard Shaw　　37. novel　　38 .goes　　39. Onomatopoeia　　40. directive　　改错部分　　1. production改成producing　　2. 去掉language前面the　　3. most of time 改为most of the time　　4. looking改为look　　5. we前面加that　　6. influenced改为affected　　7. their改成his　　8. anyone改成 someone　　9. evolved改成involved　　10. were改成are　　汉译英.　　Life is like a cup of wine; people who love it discover inexhaustible wonders from it. Hold in the hand and gaze at it, the dark red color is reminiscent of the blood, which is the impress of life. Take a sip of it and appreciate the taste, the bittersweet flavor is exactly the same with life, which is complicated and blurred. Once the sip is swallowed, the lingering fragrance pleases the heart and refreshes the mind, leaving a person lifelong benefit. There is a remarkable resemblance between life and wine: the taste becomes more delicious as the wine mellows, just as life gets better as it becomes more abundant. When life comes to twilight years, it looks calm and tastes full of wisdom and generosity, just like a bottle of wine to be savored.　　英译汉　　联合国代表大会，中心政治论坛，由193个成员国组成，几乎包括世界上所有国家，其中三分之二的国家为发展中国家，占世界总人口的四分之三。通过决议非常困难，尤其是所有惯例决出的协议必须达成一致才能通过。结果就是，重要的协议总是被狭隘的特殊利益所挟持，并且大部分协议都只是用来使自己的利益最大化。但真正的问题是世界上主要国.是否愿意看到民主最大限度地开展。联合国安理会，负责和平和安全，处理最重要的政治问题。安理会只有15个成员国，所以能经常性地应付危机。它曾一度由于冷战对立而停摆，但已经重新获得了联合国宪章给予的权利。        2013年专八写作范文：　　Is a sound social environment necessary for people to be good to others　　Helping others has always been a virtue in traditional Chinese culture, but nowadays many people dare not offer help to those in need, for fear of getting into trouble. The issue has aroused public debate over the climate of morality and credibility, and many people sigh over the moral degeneration. In my opinion, while social environment is necessary for people to be good to others, each individual should try his or her best to do good deeds and be sympathetic with others, instead of waiting for the environment to improve.　　There is no denying that some tragic events turn out to be traps by people with evil intentions, so people are becoming more risk-conscious and are more wary of traps and deceits. some people even wonder, ‘Is our society hostile to good people?’ The question may sound ridiculous but many people apparently think so. They believe that our current society provides a bad environment for good people doing good things, and good people pay a high price for being compassionate. In fact, such kind of things only accounts for a pretty small percentage, but massive media coverage makes the situation seem serious. Actually, most people around me are kind, warm-hearted and helpful, and I am quite delighted in their company. So I believe media should pay more attention to publicizing good people and exemplary deeds to enhance our confidence, rather than exposing disgusting behaviors.　　At the same time, as John Donne puts it, “No man is an island, entire of itself. Every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main.” Since everyone of us is a component of the society, it is each individual’s conducts that form social morality. Just imagine it is you who need help, what would you feel if everyone watches indifferently or suspiciously? So, put yourself in other’s position and be sympathetic. If we do nothing but wait for the environment to improve, nothing will happen. Only by removing the fence around our kind consciousness can we reverse the regress of social ethics, and make our world full of warmth and happiness. Therefore, if help is needed, never hesitate to lend a helping hand. It will make you happy and feel better about life.　　In sum, I contend the idea that while social environment is necessary for people to be good to others, it is each individual’s responsibility to offer help to those in need, and together we build up a more harmonious society.﻿2014英语专八真题及答案　　TEM-8 (2014)　　PART II READING COMPREHENSION (30 MIN)　　TEXT A　　My class at Harvard Business School helps students understand what good management theory is and how it is built. In each session, we look at one company through the lenses of different theories, using them to explain how the company got into its situation and to examine what action will yield the needed results. On the last day of class, I asked my class to turn those theoretical lenses on themselves to find answers to two questions: First, How can I be sure I’ll be happy in my career? Second, How can I be sure my relationships with my spouse and my family will become an enduring source of happiness? Here are some management tools that can be used to help you lead a purposeful life.　　1. Use Your Resources Wisely. Your decisions about allocating your personal time, energy, and talent shape your life’s strategy. I have a bunch of “businesses” that compete for these resources: I’m trying to have a rewarding relationship with my wife, raise great kids, contribute to my community, succeed in my career, and contribute to my church. And I have exactly the same problem that a corporation does. I have a limited amount of time, energy and talent. How much do I devote to each of these pursuits?　　Allocation choices can make your life turn out to very different from what you intended. Sometimes that’s good: opportunities that you have never planned for emerge. But if you don’t invest your resources wisely, the outcome can be bad. As I think about my former classmates who inadvertently invested in lives of hollow unhappiness, I can’t help believing that their troubles related right back to a short-term perspective.　　When people with a high need for achievement have an extra half hour of time or an extra ounce of energy, they’ll unconsciously allocate it to activities that yield the most tangible accomplishments. Our careers provide the most concrete evidence that we’re moving forward. You ship a product, finish a design, complete a presentation, close a sale teach a class, publish a paper, get paid, get promoted. In contrast, investing time and energy in your relationships with your spouse and children typically doesn’t offer the same immediate sense of achievement. Kids misbehave every day. It’s really not until 20 years down the road that you can say, “I raised a good son or a good daughter.” You can neglect your relationship with your spouse and on a daily basis it doesn’t seem as if thing are deteriorating. People who are driven to excel have this unconscious propensity to under invest in their families and overinvest in their careers, even though intimate and loving family relationships are the most powerful and enduring source of happiness.　　If you study the root causes of business disasters, over and over you’ll find this predisposition toward endeavors that offer immediate gratification. If you look at personal lives through that lens, you’ll see that same stunning and sobering pattern: people allocating fewer and fewer resources to the things they would have once said mattered most.　　2. Create A Family Culture. It’s one thing to see into the foggy future with a acuity and chart the course corrections a company must make. But it’s quite another to persuade employees to line up and work cooperatively to take the company in that new direction.　　When there is little agreement, you have to use “power tools” – coercion, threats, punishments and so on, to secure cooperation. But if employee’s ways of working together succeed over and over, consensus begins to form. Ultimately, people don’t even think about whether their way yields success. They embrace priorities and follow procedures by instinct and assumption rather than by explicit decision, which means that they’ve created a culture. Culture, in compelling but unspoken ways, dictates the proven, acceptable methods by which member s of a group address recurrent problems. And culture defines the priority given to different types of problems. It can be a powerful management tool.　　I use this model to address the question, How can I be my family becomes an enduring source of happiness? My students quickly see that the simplest way parents can elicit cooperation from children is to wield power tools. But there comes a point during the teen years when power tools no longer work. At that point, parents start wishing they had begun working with their children at a very young age to build a culture in which children instinctively behave respectfully toward one another, obey their parents, and choose the right thing to do. Families have cultures, just a companies do. Those cultures can be built consciously.　　If you want your kids to have strong self-esteem and the confidence that they can solve hard problems, those qualities won’t magically materialize in high school. You have to design them into family’s culture and you have think about this very early on. Like employees, children build self-esteem by doing things that are hard and learning what works.　　11. According to the author, the key to successful allocation of resources in your life depends on whether you　　A. can manage your time well B. have long-term planning　　C. are lucky enough to have new opportunities D. can solve both company and family problems　　12. What is the role of the statement “Our careers provide the most concrete evidence that we’re moving forward” with reference to the previous statement in the paragraph?　　A. To offer further explanation B. To provide a definition　　C. To present a contrast D. To illustrate career development　　13. According to the author, a common cause of failure in business and family relationships is　　A. lack of planning B. short-sightedness C. shortage of resources D. decision by instinct　　14. According to the author, when does culture begin to emerge　　A. When people decide what and how to do by instinct　　B. When people realize the importance of consensus　　C. When people as a group decide how to succeed　　D. When people use “power tools” to reach agreement　　15. One of the similarities between company culture and family culture is that　　A. problem-solving ability is essential B. cooperation is the foundation　　C. respect and obedience are key elements D. culture needs to be nurtured　　Text B　　It was nearly bed-time and when they awoke next morning land would be in sight. Dr. Macphail lit his pipe and, leaning over the rail, searched the heavens for the Southern Cross. After two years at the front and a wound that had taken longer to heal than it should, he was glad to settle down quietly at Apia (阿皮亚，西萨摩亚首都) for twelve months at least, and he felt already better for the journey. Since some of the passengers were leaving the ship next day at Pago-Pago they had had a little dance that evening and in his ears hammered still the harsh notes of the mechanical piano. But the deck was quiet at last. A little way off he saw his wife in a long chair talking with the Davidsons, and he strolled over to her. When he sat down under the light and took off his hat you saw that he had very red hair, with a bald patch on the crown, and the red, freckled skin which accompanies red hair; he was a man of forty, thin, with a pinched face, precise and rather pedantic; and he spoke with a Scots accent in a very low, quiet voice.　　Between the Macphails and the Davidsons, who were missionaries, there had arisen the intimacy of shipboard, which is due to propinquity rather than to any community of taste. Their chief tie was the disapproval they shared of the men who spent their days and nights in the smoking-room playing poker or bridge and drinking. Mrs. Macphail was not a little flattered to think that she and her husband were the only people on board with whom the Davidsons were willing to associate, and even the doctor, shy but no fool, half unconsciously acknowledged the compliment. It was only because he was of an argumentative mind that in their cabin at night he permitted himself to carp (唠叨).　　‘Mrs. Davidson was saying she didn’t know how they’d have got through the journey if it hadn’t been for us,’ said Mrs. Macphail, as she neatly brushed out her transformation (假发). ‘She said we were really the only people on the ship they cared to know.’　　‘I shouldn’t have thought a missionary was such a big bug (要人、名士) that he could afford to put on frills (摆架子).’　　‘It’s not frills. I quite understand what she means. It wouldn’t have been very nice for the Davidsons to have to mix with all that rough lot in the smoking-room.’　　‘The founder of their religion wasn’t so exclusive,’ said Dr. Macphail with a chuckle.　　‘I’ve asked you over and over again not to joke about religion,’ answered his wife. ‘I shouldn’t like to have a nature like yours, Alec. You never look for the best in people.’　　He gave her a sidelong glance with his pale, blue eyes, but did not reply. After many years of married life he had learned that it was more conducive to peace to leave his wife with the last word. He was undressed before she was, and climbing into the upper bunk he settled down to read himself to sleep.　　When he came on deck next morning they were close to land. He looked at it with greedy eyes. There was a thin strip of silver beach rising quickly to hills covered to the top with luxuriant vegetation. The coconut trees, thick and green, came nearly to the water’s edge, and among them you saw the grass houses of the Samoaris (萨摩亚人); and here and there, gleaming white, a little church. Mrs. Davidson came and stood beside him. She was dressed in black, and wore round her neck a gold chain, from which dangled a small cross. She was a little woman, with brown, dull hair very elaborately arranged, and she had prominent blue eyes behind invisible pince-nez (夹鼻眼镜). Her face was long, like a sheep’s, but she gave no impression of foolishness, rather of extreme alertness; she had the quick movements of a bird. The most remarkable thing about her was her voice, high, metallic, and without inflection; it fell on the ear with a hard monotony, irritating to the nerves like the pitiless clamour of the pneumatic drill.　　‘This must seem like home to you,’ said Dr. Macphail, with his thin, difficult smile.　　‘Ours are low islands, you know, not like these. Coral. These are volcanic. We’ve got another ten days'' journey to reach them.’　　‘In these parts that’s almost like being in the next street at home,’ said Dr. Macphail facetiously.　　‘Well, that’s rather an exaggerated way of putting it, but one does look at distances differently in the J South Seas. So far you’re right.’　　Dr. Macphail sighed faintly.　　16. It can be inferred from the first paragraph that Dr. Macphail　　A. preferred quietness to noise B. enjoyed the sound of the mechanical piano　　C. was going back to his hometown D. wanted to befriend the Davidsons　　17. The Macphails and the Davidsons were in each other’e company because they　　A. had similar experience B. liked each other　　C. shared dislike for some passengers D. had similar religious belief　　18. Which of the following statements best DESCRIBES Mrs. Macphail?　　A. She was good at making friends B. She was prone to quarrelling with her husband　　C. She was skillful in dealing with strangers D. She was easy to get along with.　　19. All the following adjectives can be used to depict Mrs. Davidson EXCEPT　　A. arrogant B. unapproachable C. unpleasant D. irritable　　20. Which of the following statements about Dr. Macphail is INCORRECT?　　A. He was sociable. B. He was intelligent.　　C. He was afraid of his wife. D. He was fun of the Davidsons.　　Text C　　Today we make room for a remarkably narrow range of personality styles. We're told that to be great is to be bold, to be happy is to be sociable. We see ourselves as a nation of extroverts—which means that we've lost sight of who we really are. One-third to one-half of Americans are introverts—in the other words, one out of every two or three people you know. If you're not an introvert yourself, you are surely raising, managing, married to, or coupled with one.　　If these statistics surprise you, that's probably because so many people pretend to be extroverts. Closet introverts pass undetected on playgrounds, in high school locker rooms, and in the corridors of corporate America. Some fool even themselves, until some life event---a layoff, an empty nest, an inheritance that frees them to spend time as they like---jolts them into taking stock of their true natures. You have only to raise this subject with your friends and acquaintances to find that the most unlikely people consider themselves introverts.　　It makes sense that so many introverts hide even from themselves. We live with a value system that I call the Extrovert Ideal— the omnipresent belief that the ideal self is gregarious, alpha, and comfortable in the spotlight. The archetypal extrovert prefers action to contemplation, risk-taking to heed-taking, certainty to doubt. He favors quick decisions, even at the risk of being wrong. She works well in teams and socializes in groups. We like to think that we value individuality, but all too often we admire one type of individual—— the kind who's comfortable "putting himself out there." Sure, we allow technologically gifted loners who launch companies in garages to have any personality they please, but they are the exceptions, not the rule, and our tolerance extends mainly to those who get fabulously wealthy or hold the promise of doing so.　　Introversion---along with its cousins sensitivity, seriousness, and shyness---is now a second-class personality trait, somewhere between a disappointment and a pathology. Introverts living under the Extrovert Ideal are like women in a man's world, discounted because of a trait that goes to the core of who they are. Extroversion is an enormously appealing personality style, but we've turned it into an oppressive standard to which most of us feel we must conform.　　The Extrovert Ideal has been documented in many studies, though this research has never been grouped under a single name. Talkative people, for example, are rated as smarter, better-looking, more interesting, and more desirable as friends. Velocity of speech counts as well as volume: we rank fast talkers as more competent and likable than slow ones. Even the word introvert is stigmatized---one informal study, by psychologist Laurie Helgoe, found that introverts described their own physical appearance in vivid language, but when asked to describe generic introverts they drew a bland and distasteful picture.　　But we make a grave mistake to embrace the Extrovert Ideal so unthinkingly. Some of our greatest ideas, art, and inventions---from the theory of evolution to van Gogh's sunflowers to the personal computer---came from quiet and cerebral people who knew how to tune in to their inner worlds and the treasures to be found there.　　21. According to the author, there exists, as far as personality styles are concerned, a discrepancy between　　A. what people say they can do and what they actually can B. what society values and what people pretend to be　　C. what people profess and what statistics show D. what people profess and what they hide from others　　22. The ideal extrovert is described as being all the following EXCEPT　　A. doubtful B. sociable C. determined D. bold　　23. According to the author, our society only permits ___ to have whatever personality they like.　　A. the young B. the ordinary C. the artistic D. the rich　　24. According to the passage, which of the following statements BEST reflects the author’s opinion?　　A. Introversion is seen as an inferior trait because of its association with sensitivity.　　B. Extroversion is arbitrary forced by society as a norm upon people.　　C. Introverts are generally regarded as either unsuccessful or as deficient.　　D. Extroversion and introversion have similar personality trait profiles.　　25. The author winds up the passage with a____ note.　　A. cautious B. warning C. positive D. humorous　　Text D　　Speaking two languages rather than just one has obvious practical benefits in an increasingly globalized world. But in recent years, scientists have begun to show that the advantages of bilingualism are even more fundamental than being able to converse with a wider range of people. Being bilingual, it turns out, makes you smarter. It can have a profound effect on your brain, improving cognitive skills not related to language and even shielding against dementia in old age.　　This view of bilingualism is remarkably different from the understanding of bilingualism through much of the 20th century. Researchers, educators and policy makers long considered a second language to be an interference, cognitively speaking, that hindered a child’s academic and intellectual development.　　They were not wrong about the interference: there is ample evidence that in a bilingual’s brain both language systems are active even when he is using only one language, thus creating situations in which one system obstructs the other. But this interference, researchers are finding out, isn’t so much a handicap as a blessing in disguise. It forces the brain to resolve internal conflict, giving the mind a workout that strengthens its cognitive muscles.　　The collective evidence from a number of such studies suggests that the bilingual experience improves the brain’s so-called executive function ? a command system that directs the attention processes that we use for planning, solving problems and performing various other mentally demanding tasks. These processes include ignoring distractions to stay focused, switching attention willfully from one thing to another and holding information in mind ? like remembering a sequence of directions while driving.　　Why does the tussle between two simultaneously active language systems improve these aspects of cognition? Until recently, researchers thought the bilingual advantage stemmed primarily from an ability for inhibition that was honed by the exercise of suppressing one language system: this suppression, it was thought, would help train the bilingual mind to ignore distractions in other contexts. But that explanation increasingly appears to be inadequate, since studies have shown that bilinguals perform better than monolinguals even at tasks that do not require inhibition, like threading a line through an ascending series of numbers scattered randomly on a page.　　The key difference between bilinguals and monolinguals may be more basic: a heightened ability to monitor the environment. “Bilinguals have to switch languages quite often ? you may talk to your father in one language and to your mother in another language,” says Albert Costa, a researcher at the University of Pompeu Fabra in Spain. “It requires keeping track of changes around you in the same way that we monitor our surroundings when driving.” In a study comparing German-Italian bilinguals with Italian monolinguals on monitoring tasks, Mr. Costa and his colleagues found that the bilingual subjects not only performed better, but they also did so with less activity in parts of the brain involved in monitoring, indicating that they were more efficient at it.　　The bilingual experience appears to influence the brain from infancy to old age (and there is reason to believe that it may also apply to those who learn a second language later in life).　　26. According to the passage, the more recent and old views of bilingualism differ mainly in　　A. its practical advantages B. its role in cognition　　C. perceived language fluency D. its role in medicine　　27. The fact that interference is now seen as a blessing in disguise means that　　A. it has led to unexpectedly favourable results B. its potential benefits have remained undiscovered　　C. its effects on cognitive development have been minimal　　D. only a few researchers have realized its advantages　　28. What is the role of Paragraph Four in relation to Paragraph Three?　　A. It provides counter evidence to Paragraph Three. B. It offers another example of the role of interference.　　C. It serves as a transitional paragraph in the passage. D. It further illustrates the point in Paragraph Three.　　29. Which of the following can account for better performance of bilinguals in doing non-inhibition tasks?　　A. An ability to monitor surroundings. B. An ability to ignore distractions.　　C. An ability to perform with less effort. D. An ability to exercise suppression.　　30. What is the main theme of the passage?　　A. Features of bilinguals and monolinguals. B. Interference and suppression.　　C. Bilinguals and monitoring tasks. D. Reasons why bilinguals are smarter.　　PART III GENERAL KNOWLEDGE (10 MIN)　　31. Which of the following is the French-speaking city in Canada?　　A. Vancouver B. Ottawa C. Montreal D. Toronto　　32. Which of the following are natives of New Zealand?　　A. The Maoris B. The Aboriginals C. The Red Indians D. The Eskimos　　33. The established or national church in England is　　A. the Roman Catholic Church B. the United Reformed Church　　C. the Anglican Church D. the Methodist Church　　34. The 13 former British colonies in North America declared independence from Great Britain in　　A. 1774 B. 1775 C. 1776 D. 1777　　35. “Grace under pressure” is an outstanding virtue of ____ heroes.　　A. Scott Fitzgerald’s B. Ernest Hemingway’s C. Eugene O’Neill’s D. William Faulkner’s　　36. Widowers’ House was written by　　A. William Butler Yeats B. George Bernard Shaw C. John Galsworthy D. T. S. Eliot　　37. Who wrote The Canterbury Tales?　　A. William Shakespeare B. William Blake C. Geoffrey Chaucer D. John Donne　　38. Which of the following pairs of words are homophones?　　A. wind (v.) / wind (n.) B. suspect (v.) / suspect (n.)　　C. convict (v.) / convict (n.) D. bare (adj.) / bear (v.)　　39. Which of the following sentences has the “S+V+O” structure?　　A. He died a hero. B. I went to London. C. Mary enjoyed parties. D. She became angry.　　40. Which of the following CAN NOT be used as an adverbial?　　A. The lion’s share B. Heart and soul. C. Null and void. D. Hammer and tongs.　　PART IV PROOFREADING & ERROR CORRECTION (15 MIN)　　There is widespread consensus among scholars that second language acquisition (SLA) emerged as a distinct field of research from the late 1950s to early 1960s.　　There is a high level of agreement that the following questions (1) ______　　have possessed the most attention of researchers in this area: (2) ______　　l Is it possible to acquire an additional language in the　　same sense one acquires a first language? (3) ______　　l What is the explanation for the fact adults have (4) ______　　more difficulty in acquiring additional languages than children have?　　l What motivates people to acquire additional language?　　l What is the role of the language teaching in the (5) ______　　acquisition of additional languages?　　l What social-cultural factors, if any, are relevant in studying the　　learning of additional languages?　　From a check of the literature of the field it is clear that all (6) ______　　the approaches adopted to study the phenomena of SLA so far have　　one thing in common: The perspective adopted to view the acquiring　　of an additional language is that of an individual attempts to do (7) ______　　so. Whether one labels it “learning” or “acquiring” an additional　　language, it is an individual accomplishment or what is under (8) ______　　focus is the cognitive, psychological, and institutional status of an　　individual. That is, the spotlight is on what mental capabilities are　　involving, what psychological factors play a role in the learning (9) ______　　or acquisition, and whether the target language is learnt in the　　classroom or acquired through social touch with native speakers. (10) ______　　PART V TRANSLATION (60 MIN)　　SECTION A CHINESE TO ENGLISH　　当我在小学毕了业的时候，亲友一致的愿意我去学手艺，好帮助母亲。我晓得我应当去找饭吃，以减轻母亲的勤劳困苦。 可是，我也愿意升学。我偷偷地考入了师范学校---制服，饭食，书籍，宿处，都由学校供给。只有这样，我才敢对母亲提升学的话。入学，要交十元的保证金。这是一笔巨款!母亲作了半个月的难，把这巨款筹到，而后含泪把我送出门去。她不辞劳苦，只要儿子有出息。当我有师范毕业，而被派为小学校长，母亲与我都一夜不曾合眼。我只说了句：“以后，您可以歇一歇了!”她的回答只有一串串的眼泪。　　SECTION B ENGLISH TO CHINESE　　The physical distance between speakers can indicate a number of things and can also be used to used to consciously send messages about intent. Closeness, for example, indicates intimacy or threat to many speakers whilst distance may denote formality or a lack of interest. Proximity is also both a matter of personal style and is often culture-bound so that what may seem normal to a speaker from one culture may appear unnecessarily close or distant to a speaker from another. And standing close to someone may be quite appropriate in some situations such as an informal party, but completely out of place in others, such as meeting with a superior.　　Posture can convey meaning too. Hunched shoulders and a hanging head give a powerful indication of mood. A lowered head when speaking to a superior (with or without eye contact) can convey the appropriate relationship in some cultures.　　PART VI WRITING (45 MIN)　　Nowadays some companies have work-from-home or remote working policies, which means that their employees do not have to commute to work every day. Some people think that this can save a lot of time travelling to and from work, thus raising employees’ productivity. However, others argue that in the workplace, people can communicate face to face, which vastly increases the efficiency of coordination and cooperation. What is your opinion?　　Write an essay of about 400 words on the following topic: My Views on Working from Home　　2014年专八答案　　听力Mini-lecture　　1. physical 2. a demand 3. blood pressure 4. Category　　5. a job 6. signals 7. body or mind 8. advantage　　9. accept 10. reasonable speed　　听力Interview　　1. To work out a plan…　　2. was much worried…　　3. To take prompt…　　4. Refugees returning to normal…　　5. talk to different…　　听力NEWS BROADCAST　　6. Cancellation of flights…　　7. Three human fossils　　8. It supported..　　9. some international…　　10. Surprised　　1. social　　2. Latin　　3. adventures　　4. American English　　6. different origins　　7. variants　　8. abq straction　　9. relationships　　10. clear and accurate　　阅读理解答案　　11.A have 12.C to offer 13.B to provide 14.D decide 15.A cultuer　　16.Bperfered 17.D similar 18.D easy 19.B unapproachalbe 20.D sociable　　21.Bsay 22.B sociabel 23.A young 24.D 25C　　26.D role 27.C effects 28.B offer 29.D exercise 30.A features　　人文知识答案　　31.Montreal　　32.Maoris　　33. Anglicanism　　34.1776　　35.Ernest Hemingway　　36.George Bernard Shaw　　37.Geoffrey Chaucer　　38.bare　　39.Mary　　40.Lion　　改错答案　　1.把of去掉。　　2.把possessed 改成 attracted，　　3.把a改成 the　　4.在 facts 和adults之间加个that，　　5.把第二个the 去掉。　　6.把第二个of 改成in　　7.把attempts改成attempt　　8.把or 改成 and　　9.what改成 how　　10.把touche改成touches　　2014年3月专八真题翻译汉译英答案()　　When I was in primary school graduated, relatives and friends consistent want me to learn skills, good to help her mother. I know I should go to eat, to alleviate the suffering of hard-working mother. However, I would also like to study. I secretly admitted to the normal school -- uniforms, meals, books, lodging, by the school supply. Only in this way, I dare to mother ascension learn. Admission.　　2014年3月专八真题翻译英译汉答案()　　演说者与听众之间的实际距离通常来是用来传送演说内容的最佳途径但是同时可以表明很多问题。就拿距离的远近来说，近距离可以体现演说者和听众的一种亲密程度但同时对于演说者也是一种心灵上的震慑，相反，远距离会是一种较正式的提现但也可说是一种缺乏兴趣的表现。大致距离不仅仅是一种个人风格的提现同时也和个人的文化背景息息相关，因此在一种文化中所体现的演说者与听众之间适宜的距离在另一种文化中可能会被界定成一种过分亲近亦或过分的疏远。再比如，如在非正规的宴会中，双方之间紧贴的距离是一种适宜的表现但是如若是和高层领导洽谈，这样的距离就显得适得其反了。不仅仅是距离，姿势也会透露很多细节。俯身前倾，头部前伸是一种正面情绪的提现。但当和尊者沟通还伴随着时不时的眼神交流时，谦卑的低头在一些文化背景中却也是一种合适的氛围。　　2014年英语专八真题作文答案()　　作文题目：my views on working from home　　作文范文：仅供参考，作文自己写　　探讨工作是在家里好还是在办公地点好　　按照专八写作的套路我们思路可以如下写作思路提示：文章可分为三部分，第一部分，提出问题，有些公司给员工提出方便，在家任务，在家任务视乎很温馨，自己自由支配时间，但实际上在家任务远没有想象的那么好，第二部分，剖析在家任务的弊病。容易懒散，需求自控才能较强，第三部分指出在单位任务的优点，我们需求与人沟通，协作，需求提升，自己的任务得到别人的认可第四部分总结一下。　　Working from Home　　Certain companies, especially some small-scale businesses, start to encourage their staff to work from home or use home as a working base for at least part of the week nowadays. Some offer some form of remote working support to their workforces, such as equipping them with laptops and installing broadband, and others pay for the telephone bills for these workers.　　This work pattem is popular because it’s clear that there are a number of benefits for these companies. First, it helps retain employees, especially highly- qualified working parents with childcare responsibilities. Second, it brings higher productivity because the employees have fewer interruptions and less commuting time. Last but not least, it offers savings on premises and other facilities.　　However, there are some potential drawbacks. For one thing, there is difficulty of managing home workers and monitoring their performance, and difficulty of maintaining staff development and upgrading skills. For another, it may create a sense of isolation among home workers and it can be harder to maintain team spirit. Therefore, enterprises should weigh the pros and cons before permitting their employees to work at home.