2010年英语专四真题及答案2010年英语专四真题　　SECTION A CONVERSATIONS　　In this section you will hear several conversations. Listen to the conversations carefully and　　then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions 1 to 3 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the conversation.　　1. The following details have been checked during the conversation EXCEPT　　A. number of travelers.　　B. number of tour days.　　C. flight details.　　D. room services.　　2. What is included in the price?　　A. Air tickets and local transport.　　B. Local transport and meals.　　C. Air tickets, local transport and breakfast.　　D. Air tickets, local transport and all meals.　　3. Which of the following statements is CORRECT?　　A. The traveler is reluctant to buy travel insurance.　　B. The traveler is ready to buy travel insurance.　　C. The traveler doesn't have to buy travel insurance.　　D. Travel insurance is not mentioned in the conversation.　　Questions 4 to 7 are based on the following conversation. At the end of'the conversation, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the conversation.　　4. Which of the following details is CORRECT?　　A. Mark knows the exact number of airport buses.　　B. Mark knows the exact number of delegates' spouse.　　C. Mark doesn't know the exact number of delegates yet.　　D. Mark doesn't know the number of guest speakers.　　5. What does Linda want to know?　　A. The arrival time of guest speakers.　　B. The departure time of guest speakers.　　C. The type of transport for guest speakers.　　D. The number of guest speakers.　　6. How many performances have been planned tbr the conference?　　A. One.　　B. Two.　　C. Three.　　D. Not mentioned.　　7. Who will pay for the piano performance?　　A. Pan-Pacific Tours.　　B. Johnson & Sons Events.　　C. Conference delegates.　　D. An airline company.　　Questions 8 to 10 are based on the following conversation. At the end of'the conversation,　　you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now listen to the conversation.　　8. What is NOT missing in Mary's briefcase?　　A. Her cheque book.　　B. Her papers for work.　　C. Her laptop.　　D. Her appointment book.　　9. Where was Mary the whole morning?　　A. At the police station.　　B. At a meeting.　　C. In her client's office.　　D. In the restaurant.　　10. Why was Mary sure that the briefcase was hers in the end?　　A. The papers inside had the company's name.　　B. The briefcase was found in the restaurant.　　C. The restaurant manager telephoned James.　　D. The cheque book inside bore her name.　　SECTION B PASSAGES　　In this section, you will hear several passages. Listen to the passages carefully and then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions 11 to 13 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, yott will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.　　11. We learn from the passage that about two-thirds of the courses are taught through　　A. the School of Design and Visual Arts.　　B. the School of Social Work.　　C. the School of Business.　　D. the Arts and Sciences program.　　12.What is the cost of undergraduate tuition?　　A. Twenty thousand dollars.　　B. Thirty thousand dollars.　　C. Twenty-seven thousand dollars.　　D. Thirty-eight thousand dollars.　　13.International students can receive all the following types of financial assistance EXCEPT　　A. federal loans.　　B. private loans.　　C. scholarships.　　D. monthly payment plans.　　Questions 14 to 17 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be　　given 20 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.　　14. According to the passage, mothers in ____ spend more time looking after children.　　A. France　　B. America　　C. Denmark　　D. Australia　　SECTION A CONVERSATIONS　　In this section you will hear several conversations. Listen to the conversations carefully and　　then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions 1 to 3 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the conversation.　　1. The following details have been checked during the conversation EXCEPT　　A. number of travelers.　　B. number of tour days.　　C. flight details.　　D. room services.　　2. What is included in the price?　　A. Air tickets and local transport.　　B. Local transport and meals.　　C. Air tickets, local transport and breakfast.　　D. Air tickets, local transport and all meals.　　3. Which of the following statements is CORRECT?　　A. The traveler is reluctant to buy travel insurance.　　B. The traveler is ready to buy travel insurance.　　C. The traveler doesn't have to buy travel insurance.　　D. Travel insurance is not mentioned in the conversation.　　Questions 4 to 7 are based on the following conversation. At the end of'the conversation, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the conversation.　　4. Which of the following details is CORRECT?　　A. Mark knows the exact number of airport buses.　　B. Mark knows the exact number of delegates' spouse.　　C. Mark doesn't know the exact number of delegates yet.　　D. Mark doesn't know the number of guest speakers.　　5. What does Linda want to know?　　A. The arrival time of guest speakers.　　B. The departure time of guest speakers.　　C. The type of transport for guest speakers.　　D. The number of guest speakers.　　6. How many performances have been planned tbr the conference?　　A. One.　　B. Two.　　C. Three.　　D. Not mentioned.　　7. Who will pay for the piano performance?　　A. Pan-Pacific Tours.　　B. Johnson & Sons Events.　　C. Conference delegates.　　D. An airline company.　　Questions 8 to 10 are based on the following conversation. At the end of'the conversation,　　you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now listen to the conversation.　　8. What is NOT missing in Mary's briefcase?　　A. Her cheque book.　　B. Her papers for work.　　C. Her laptop.　　D. Her appointment book.　　9. Where was Mary the whole morning?　　A. At the police station.　　B. At a meeting.　　C. In her client's office.　　D. In the restaurant.　　10. Why was Mary sure that the briefcase was hers in the end?　　A. The papers inside had the company's name.　　B. The briefcase was found in the restaurant.　　C. The restaurant manager telephoned James.　　D. The cheque book inside bore her name.　　SECTION B PASSAGES　　In this section, you will hear several passages. Listen to the passages carefully and then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions 11 to 13 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, yott will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.　　11. We learn from the passage that about two-thirds of the courses are taught through　　A. the School of Design and Visual Arts.　　B. the School of Social Work.　　C. the School of Business.　　D. the Arts and Sciences program.　　12.What is the cost of undergraduate tuition?　　A. Twenty thousand dollars.　　B. Thirty thousand dollars.　　C. Twenty-seven thousand dollars.　　D. Thirty-eight thousand dollars.　　13.International students can receive all the following types of financial assistance EXCEPT　　A. federal loans.　　B. private loans.　　C. scholarships.　　D. monthly payment plans.　　Questions 14 to 17 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be　　given 20 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.　　14. According to the passage, mothers in ____ spend more time looking after children.　　A. France　　B. America　　C. Denmark　　D. Australia　　15. Which of the following activities would Australian fathers traditionally participate in?　　A. Feeding and playing with children.　　B. Feeding and bathing children.　　C. Taking children to the park and to school.　　D. Taking children to watch sports events.　　16. According to the study, the "new man" likes to　　A. spend more time at work.　　B. spend more time with children.　　C. spend time drinking after work.　　D. spend time on his computer.　　17.It is suggested in the passage that the "new man" might be less acceptable in　　A. France.　　B. Britain.　　C. Australia.　　D. Denmark.　　Questions 18 to 20 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.　　18.The services of the new partnership are provided mainly to　　A. mothers of infected babies.　　B. infected children and women.　　C. infected children in cities.　　D. infected women in cities.　　19.Which of the following details about Family Health International is INCORRECT?　　A. It is a nonprofit organization.　　B. It provides public health services.　　C. It carries out research on public health.　　D. It has worked in five countries till now.　　20.The example of Cambodia mainly shows　　A. the importance of government support.　　B. the importance of public education efforts.　　C. the progress the country has made so far.　　D. the methods used to fight AIDS.　　SECTION C NEWS BROADCAST　　In this section, you will hear several news items. Listen to them carefully and then answer the　　questions that follow.　　Questions 21 and 22 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now. listen to the news.　　21. According to the news, the victim was　　A. a 17-year-old girl.　　B. a 15-year-old boy.　　C. a 23-year-old woman.　　D. an l 8-year-old man.　　22.We learn from the news that the suspects were arrested　　A. one month later.　　B. two months later.　　C. immediately.　　D. two weeks later.　　Questions 23 and 24 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be　　given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the news.　　23.The Iraqi parliament can vote on the security agreement only after　　A. all parties have agreed on it.　　B. the US troops have pulled out.　　C. the cabinet has reviewed it.　　D. the lawmakers have returned from Mecca.　　24.According to the news, the US troops are expected to completely pull out by　　A. mid-2009.　　B. the end of 2009.　　C. mid-2011.　　D. the end of 2011.　　Questions 25 and 26 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be　　given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the news.　　25.The following are involved in the operations to rescue the children in Honduras EXCEPT　　A. the police.　　B. the district attorney.　　C. the prison authorities.　　D. Institute of Childhood and Family.　　26. What punishment would parents face if they allowed their children to beg?　　A. To be imprisoned and fined.　　B. To have their children taken away.　　C. To be handed over to the authorities.　　D. None.　　Question 27 is based on the following news. At the end of the news item. you will be given 5　　seconds to answer the question. Now, listen to the news.　　27.What is the news item about?　　A. Coastlines in Italy.　　B. Public use of the beach.　　C. Swimming and bathing.　　D. Private bathing clubs.　　Question 28 is based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 5　　seconds to answer the question. Now, listen to the news.　　28.Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the news?　　A. The airport was shut down for Friday.　　B. There was a road accident involving two buses.　　C. Local shops were closed earlier than usual.　　D. Bus service was stopped for Friday.　　Questions 29 and 30 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be　　given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the news.　　29.How many people were rescued from the apartment building?　　A. 17.　　B. 24.　　C. 21.　　D. 41.　　30.Which of the following details in the news is CORRECT?　　A. The rescue operation involved many people.　　B. The cause of the explosions has been determined.　　C. Rescue efforts were stopped on Thursday.　　D. The explosions didn't destroy the building.　　PART III    CLOZE   [15 MIN]　　Decide which of the choices given below would best complete the passage it" inserted in thecorresponding blanks. Mark the best choice for each blank on ANSWER SHEET TWO.　　How men first learned to invent words is unknown; (31)____, the origin of language is a mystery. All we really know is that men, unlike animals, somehow invented certain (32)____ to express thoughts and feelings, actions and things, (33)____ they could communicate with each other; and that later they agreed (34)____ certain signs, called letters, which could be (35)____ to represent those sounds, and which could be (36)_____. Those sounds, whether spoken, (37)_____ written in letters, we call words.　　The power of words, then, lies in their (38)____ the things they bring up before our minds. Words become (39)____ with meaning for us by experience; (40)._____ the longer we live, the more certain words (41)_____ to us the happy and sad events of our past: and the more we (42)____, the more the number of words that mean something to us (43)____　　Great writers are those who not only have great thoughts but also express these thoughts in words which appeal (44)____ to our minds and emotions. This (45)._____ and telling use of words is what we call (46)____ style. Above all, the real poet is a master of (47)____. He can convey his meaning in words which sing like music, and which (48)_____ their position and association can (49)____ men to tears. We should, therefore, learn to choose our words carefully and use them accurately, or they will (50)____ our speech or writing silly and vulgar.　　(31) A. in addition    B. in other words   C. in a word    D. in summary　　(32) A. sounds    B. gestures     C. signs    D. movements　　(33) A. such that    B. as that    C. so that    D. in that　　(34) A. in      B. with      C. of      D. upon　　(35) A. spelt      B. combined      C. written      D copied　　(36) A. written down      B. handed down      C. remembered      D. observed　　(37) A. and      B. yet      C. also      D. or　　(38) A. functions     B. associations     C. roles     D. links　　(39) A. filled     B. full     C. live     D. active　　(40) A. but     B. or     C. yet     D. and　　(41 ) A. reappear     B. recall     C. remember     D. recollect　　(42) A. read and think   B. read and recall   C. read and learn  D. read and recite　　(43) A. raises     B. increases     C. improves     D. emerges　　(44) A. intensively     B. extensively     C. broadly     D. powerfully　　(45) A. charming     B. academic     C. conventional     D. common　　(46) A. written    B. spoken     C. literary      D. dramatic　　(47) A. signs      B. words      C. style      D. sound　　(48) A. in      B. on      C. over      D. by　　(49) A. move      B. engage      C. make      D. force　　(50) A. transform      B. change      C. make      D. convert　　PART IV   GRAMMAR & VOCABULARY              [15 MIN]　　There are thirty sentences in this section. Beneath each sentence there are four words or phrases marked A, B, C and D. Choose one word or phrase that best completes the sentence. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET TWO.　　51. Which of the following italicized phrases indicates CAUSE?　　A. Why don't you do it for the sake of your friends?　　B. I wish I could write as well as you.　　C. For all his efforts, he didn't get an A.　　D. Her eyes were red from excessive reading.　　52. Nancy's gone to work but her car's still there. She ____ by bus.　　A. must have gone　　B. should have gone　　C. ought to have gone　　D. could have gone　　53. He feels that he is not yet ____ to travel abroad.　　A. too strong　　B. enough strong　　C. so strong　　D. strong enough　　54. After____ seemed an endless wait, it was his turn to enter the personnel manager's office.　　A. that　　B. it　　C. what　　D. there　　55. Fool ____ Jerry is, he could not have done such a thing.　　A. who　　B. as　　C. like　　D. that　　56. Which of the following sentences is INCORRECT?　　A. They each have two tickets.　　B. They cost twenty yuan each.　　C. Each they have bought the same book.　　D. They were given two magazines each.　　57. She seldom goes to the theatre, _____?　　A. doesn't she　　B. does she　　C. would she　　D. wouldn't she　　58. Dr Johnson is head of the department, ____ an expert in translation.　　A. or　　B. either　　C. but　　D. and　　59. When one has good health, _____ should feel fortunate.　　A. you　　B. they　　C. he　　D. we　　60. It is necessary that he ____ the assignment without delay.　　A. hand in　　B. hands in　　C. must hand in　　D. has to hand in　　61. In the sentence "It's no use waiting for her", the italicized phrase is)____.　　A. the object　　B. an adverbial　　C. a complement　　D. the subject　　62. Which of the following sentences is INCORRECT?　　A. All his lectures are very interesting.　　B. Half their savings were gone.　　C. Many his friends came to the party.　　D. Both his sisters are nurses.　　63. Which of the following sentences has an object complement?　　A. The directors appointed John manager.　　B. I gave Mary a Christmas present.　　C. You have done Peter a favour.　　D. She is teaching children English.　　64. Which of the following words can NOT be used to complete "We've seen the film ____"?　　A. before　　B. recently　　C. lately　　D. yet　　65. _____ should not become a serious disadvantage in life and work.　　A. To be not tall　　B. Not being tall　　C. Being not tall　　D. Not to be tall　　66. Due to personality _____, the two colleagues never got on well in work.　　A. contradiction　　B. conflict　　C. confrontation　　D. competition　　67. During the summer vacation, kids are often seen hanging _____ in the streets.　　A. about　　B. on　　C. over　　D. out　　68. There were 150 ____ at the international conference this summer.　　A. spectators　　B. viewers　　C. participants　　D. onlookers　　69. School started on a ____ cold day in February.　　A. severe　　B. bitter　　C. such　　D. frozen　　70. In the face of unexpected difficulties, he demonstrated a talent for quick, ____ action.　　A. determining　　B. defensive　　C. demanding　　D. decisive　　71. The team has been working overtime on the research project ____.　　A. lately　　B.just now　　C. late　　D. long ago　　72. Because of the economic crisis, industrial output in the region remained　　A. motionless　　B. inactive　　C. stagnant　　D. immobile　　73. The police had difficulty in ____ the fans fi'om rushing on to the stage to take photos with the singer.　　A. limiting　　B. restraining　　C. confining　　D. restricting　　74. Joan is in the dorm, putting the final ____ to her speech.　　A. details　　B. remarks　　C. comments　　D. touches　　75. His_____ in gambling has eventually brought about his ruin.　　A. indulgence　　B. habit　　C. action　　D. engagement　　76. The teacher told the students to stay in the classroom and they did _____.　　A. absolutely　　B. accidentally　　C. accordingly　　D. accurately　　77. You can actually see the deer at close range while driving through that area. The italicized phrase means _____.　　A. clearly　　B. very near　　C. quickly　　D. very hard　　78. He listened hard but still couldn't  _____ what they were talking about.　　A. make over　　B. make up　　C. make upon　　D. make out　　79. For the advertised position, the company offers a(n)salary and benefits package.　　A. generous　　B. plentiful　　C. abundant　　D. sufficient　　80. As there was no road, the travelers ____ up a rocky slope on their way back.　　A. ran　　B. hurried　　C. scrambled　　D. crawled　　PART V        READING COMPREHENSION                 [25 MIN]　　In this section there are four passages followed by questions or unfinished statements, each with four suggested answers marked A, B, C and D. Choose the one that you think is the best answer. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET TWO.　　TEXT A　　What is the nature of the scientific attitude, the attitude of the man or woman who studies and applies physics, biology, chemistry, geology, engineering, medicine or any other science?     We all know that science plays an important role in the societies in which we live. Many people believe, however, that our progress depends on two different aspects of science. The first of these is the application of the machines, products and systems of applied knowledge that scientists and technologists develop. Through technology, science improves the structure of society and helps man to gain increasing control over his environment.　　The second aspect is the application by all members of society of the special methods of thought and action that scientists use in their work.　　What are these special methods of thinking and acting? First of all, it seems that a successful scientist is full of curiosity - he wants to find out how and why the universe works. He usually directs his attention towards problems which he notices have no satisfactory explanation, and his curiosity makes him look for underlying relationships even if the data available seem to be unconnected. Moreover, he thinks he can improve the existing conditions and enjoys trying to solve the problems which this involves.　　He is a good observer, accurate, patient and objective and applies logical thought to the observations he makes. He utilizes the facts he observes to the fullest extent. For example, trained observers obtain a very large amoun　　t of information about a star mainly from the accurate analysis of the simple lines that appear in a spectrum.　　He is skeptical - he does not accept statements which are not based on the most complete evidence available - and therefore rejects authority as the sole basis for truth. Scientists always check statements and make experiments carefully and objectively to verify them.　　Furthermore, he is not only critical of the work of others, but also of his own, since he knows that man is the least reliable of scientific instruments and that a number of factors tend to disturb objective investigation.　　Lastly, he is highly imaginative since he often has to look for relationships in data which are not only complex but also frequently incomplete. Furthermore, he needs imagination if he wants to make hypotheses of how processes work and how events take place.　　These seem to be some of the ways in which a successful scientist or technologist thinks and acts.　　81. Many people believe that science helps society to progress through　　A. applied knowledge.　　B. more than one aspect.　　C. technology only.　　D. the use of machines.　　82. Which of the following statements is INCORRECT about curiosity?　　A. It gives the scientist confidence and pleasure in work.　　B. It gives rise to interest in problems that are unexplained.　　C. It leads to efforts to investigate potential connections.　　D. It encourages the scientist to look for new ways of acting.　　83. According to the passage, a successful scientist would not　　A. easily believe in unchecked statements.　　B. easily criticize others' research work.　　C. always use his imagination in work.　　D. always use evidence from observation.　　84. What does the passage mainly discuss?　　A. Application of technology.　　B. Progress in modem society.　　C. Scientists' ways of thinking and acting.　　D. How to become a successful scientist.　　85. What is the author's attitude towards the topic?　　A. Critical.　　B. Objective.　　C. Biased.　　D. Unclear.　　TEXT B　　Over the past several decades, the U.S., Canada, and Europe have received a great deal of media and even research attention over unusual phenomena and unsolved mysteries. These include UFOs as well as sightings and encounters with "nonhuman creatures" such as Bigfoot and the Loch Ness monster. Only recently has Latin America begun to receive some attention as well. Although the mysteries of the Aztec, Mayan, and Inca civilizations have been known for centuries, now the public is also becoming aware of unusual, paranormal phenomena in countries such as Peru.　　The Nazca "lines" of Peru were discovered in the 1930s. These lines are deeply carved into a flat, stony plain, and form about 300 intricate pictures of animals such as birds, a monkey, and a lizard. Seen at ground level, the designs are a jumbled senseless mess. The images are so large that they can only be viewed at a height of 1,000 feet - meaning from an aircraft. Yet there were no aircraft in 300 B.C., when it is judged the designs were made. Nor were there then, or are there now, any nearby mountain ranges from which to view them. So how and why did the native people of Nazca create these marvelous designs? One answer appeared in 1969, when the German researcher and writer Erich von Daniken proposed that the lines were drawn by extraterrestrials as runways for their aircraft. The scientific community did not take long to scoffat and abandon von Daniken's theory. Over the years several other theories have been put forth, but none has been accepted by the scientific community.　　Today there is a new and heightened interest in the Nazca lines. It is a direct result of the creation of the Internet. Currently there a　　re over 60 sites dedicated to this mystery from Latin America's past, and even respected scientists have joined the discussion through e-mail and chat rooms.　　Will the Internet help explain these unsolved mysteries? Perhaps it is a step in the right direction.　　86. Which of the following statements is INCORRECT?　　A. Latin America has long received attention for unusual phenomena.　　B. Public attention is now directed towards countries like Peru.　　C. Public interest usually focuses on North America and Europe.　　D. Some ancient civilizations have unsolved mysteries.　　87. According to the passage, the Nazca lines were found　　A. in mountains.　　B. in stones.　　C. on animals.　　D. on a plain.　　88. We can infer from the passage that the higher the lines are seen, the ____ the images they present.　　A. smaller　　B. larger　　C. clearer　　D. brighter　　89. There has been increasing interest in the Nazca lines mainly because of　　A. the participation of scientists.　　B. the emergence of the lnternet.　　C. the birth of new theories.　　D. the interest in the Internet.　　90. The author is ____ about the role of the lnternet in solving mysteries.　　A. cautious　　B. pessimistic　　C. uncertain　　D. optimistic　　TEXT C　　Graduation speeches are a bit like wedding toasts. A few are memorable. The rest tend to trigger such thoughts as, "Why did I wear such uncomfortable shoes?"　　But graduation speeches are less about the message than the messenger. Every year a few colleges and universities in the US attract attention because they've managed to book high-profile speakers. And, every year, the media report some of these speakers' wise remarks.　　Last month, the following words of wisdom were spread:　　"You really haven't completed the circle of success unless you can help somebody else move forward." (Oprah Winfrey, Duke University).　　"There is no way to stop change; change will come. Go out and give us a future worthy of the world we all wish to create together." (Hillary Clinton, New York University).　　"'This really is your moment. History is yours to bend." (Joe Biden, Wake Forest University).　　Of course, the real "get" of the graduation season was first lady Michelle Obama's appearance at the University of California, Merced. "Remember that you are blessed," she told the class of 2009, "Remember that in exchange for those blessings, you must give something back... As advocate and activist Marian Wright Edelman says, 'Service is the rent we pay for living ... it is the true measure, the only measure of success'."　　Calls to service have a long, rich tradition in these speeches. However, it is possible for a graduation speech to go beyond cliche and say something truly compelling. The late writer David Foster Wallace's 2005 graduation speech at Kenyon College in Ohio talked about how to truly care about other people. It gained something of a cult after it was widely circulated on the Internet. Apple Computer CEO Steve Jobs' address at Stanford University that year, in which he talked about death, is also considered one of the best in recent memory.　　But when you're sitting in the hot sun, fidgety and freaked out, do you really want to be lectured about　　the big stuff?. Isn't that like trying to maintain a smile at your wedding reception while some relative gives a toast that amounts to "marriage is hard work"? You know he's right; you just don't want to think about it at that particular moment. In fact, as is the case in many major life moments, you can't really manage to think beyond the blisters your new shoes are causing.　　That may seem anticlimactic. But it also gets to the heart of one of life's greatest, saddest truths: that our most "memorable" occasions may elicit the fewest memories. It's probably not something most graduation speakers would say, but it's one of the first lessons of growing up.　　91. According to the passage, most graduation speeches tend to recall ____ memories.　　A. great　　B. trivial　　C. unforgettable　　D. unimaginative　　92. "But graduation speeches are less about the message than the messenger" is explained　　A. in the final paragraph.　　B. in the last but one paragraph.　　C. in the first paragraph.　　D. in the same paragraph.　　93. The graduation speeches mentioned in the passage are related to the following themes      EXCEPT　　A. death.　　B. success.　　C. service.　　D. generosity.　　94. It is implied in the passage that at great moments people fail to　　A. remain clear-headed.　　B. keep good manners.　　C. remember others' words.　　D. recollect specific details.　　95. What is "one of the first lessons of growing up"?　　A. Attending a graduation ceremony.　　B. Listening to graduation speeches.　　C. Forgetting details of memorable events.　　D. Meeting high-profile graduation speakers.　　TEXT D　　Cultural rules determine every aspect of food consumption. Who eats together defines social units. For example, in some societies, the nuclear family is the unit that regularly eats together. The anthropologist Mary Douglas has pointed out that, for the English, the kind of meal and the kind of food that is served relate to the kinds of social links between people who are eating together. She distinguishes between regular meals, Sunday meals when relatives may come, and cocktail parties for acquaintances. The food served symbolizes the occasion and reflects who is present. For example, only snacks are served at a cocktail party. It would be inappropriate to serve a steak or hamburgers. The distinctions among cocktails, regular meals, and special dinners mark the social boundaries between those guests who are invited for drinks, those who are invited to dinner, and those who come to a family meal. In this example, the type of food symbolizes the category of guest and with whom it is eaten.　　In some New Guinea societies, the nuclear family is not the unit that eats together. The men take their meals in a men's house, separately from their wives and children. Women prepare and eat their food in their own houses and take the husband's portion to the men's house. The women eat with their children in their own houses. This pattern is also widespread among Near Eastern societies.　　96. According to the passage, the English make clear distinctions between　　A. people who eat together.　　B. the kinds of food served.　　C. snacks and hamburgers　　. D. family members and guests.　　97. According to the passage, who will NOT eat together?　　A. The English.　　B. Americans on their first date.　　C. Men and women in Near Eastern societies.　　D. Newly-weds on the island of New Ireland.　　98. According to the passage, eating together indicates all the following EXCEPT　　A. the type of food　　. B. social relations　　. C. marital status.　　D. family ties.　　99. The last paragraph suggests that in India ____ decides how people eat.　　A. pollution　　B. food　　C. culture　　D. social status　　100. Which of the following can best serve as the topic of the passage?　　A. Different kinds of food in the world.　　B. Relations between food and social units.　　C. Symbolic meanings of food consumption.　　D. Culture and manners of eating.　PART VI WRITING [45 MIN] SECTION A COMPOSITION [35 MIN]　　It was recently reported in a newspaper that six students who shared a dorm at a local university hired a cleaner to do laundry and cleaning once a week. And each of them paid her 60 yuan a month. This has led to a heated debate as to whether college students should hire cleaners.　　Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a composition of about 200 words on the following topic:　　Should College Students Hire Cleaners? You are to write in three parts.In the first part, state clearly what your view is.In the second part, support your view with appropriate reasons.In the last part, bring what you have written to a natural conclusion or a summary. Marks will be awarded for content, organization, grammar and appropriateness. Failure to follow the instructions may result in a loss of marks.  SECTION B NOTE-WRITING [10 MIN]　　Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a note of about 50-60 words based on the following situation:　　Your good friend, John, is thinking of organizing an end-of-the-term party. Write him a note telling him that you like his idea and offer to help him. You have to be specific about how you can help him. Marks will be awarded for content, organization, grammar and appropriateness.2010年英语专四真题答案2010年英语专四答案　　PART I DICTATION　　Freshman’s Week　　Britain has a well-respected higher education system and some of the top universities and research institutions in the world. But to those who are new to this system, it can sometimes be confusing. October is usually the busiest month in the academic calendar. Universities have something called “freshman’s week” for their newcomers. It’s a great opportunity to make new friends, join in lots of clubs and settle into university life. However, having just left the comfort of home and all your friends behind, the prospect of meeting strangers in classrooms and dormitories can be worrying. Where do you start? And who should you make friends with? Which clubs and society should you join? Luckily, there will be thousands of others in the same boat as you. They worry about starting their university social life on the right foot. So just take it all in slowly. Don’t rush into anything that you’ll regret for the next three years.　　PART II LISTENING COMPREHENSION　　SECTION A CONVERSATIONS　　1. D. 文中提到“Two adults, 8 days in Britain from April 26 to May 3rd, flying from Beijing to London and back with Air China, and you are in the double room.” Room service指如叫醒服务、送饭到房间等，原文只提到一个double room，两者有区别，故选D。　　2. D. 由“What else you include in your price, apart from the air tickets?”可知报价内包含机票费用，后面又提到“all meals, and transport from the airport to your hotel. Everything is included.”可以得知所有餐费和本地交通费都包含在内，故选D。　　3. B. 当男士被问到是否购买旅游保险时，他说到“there is no choice there. I mean we have to have it, don’t we?”，由此可以推断出他已经准备好购买旅游保险，故选B。　　4. C. 文中Mark没有提到具体的机场巴士的数量，故排除A;后面他说到“I haven’t counted them yet.”说明他不知道确切的代表人数，故排除B;由“And there will be six guest speakers.”可见他知道确切的嘉宾人数，排除D，故选C。　　5. A. 由“You’ll let me know when they are arriving, won’t you?”可知Linda想知道guest speakers的到达时间，故选A。　　6. B. 文中提到“you wanted the local-style dance for the opening ceremony”和“after the welcoming feast, there is going to be a piano performance”，由此可见一共有两场演出，故选B。　　7. D. “we’ll have to contact the airline company about it. They are  sponsoring the event…So we will send the bill direct to them for it.”由此可以得出活动是由航空公司赞助的，账单也是由航空公司支付，故选D。　　8. C. 文中提到Mary丢失了“my cheque book, all the things I needed for work, my appoint book.”，故选C。　　9. C. 由“I was with my client at meeting all morning,”以及后面对话中的“Before I went to the police station, I called my client’s office. No luck. He said the briefcase wasn’t there.”可见她整个上午都与客户一起在客户的办公室里开会，故选C。　　10. D. 在男士说了一系列包内物品后，最后提到“And he found a cheque book with the name of Hopkins on it. M. Hopkins, M for Mary.”时，Mary由此确认这个包是她的。故选D。　　SECTION B PASSAGES　　11. D. 文中提到，“But more than 60% of courses are taught through the Arts and Sciences program.” 故选D。　　12. B. 由“The new school year that begins this fall will cost about 50,000 dollars for undergraduates. That includes 12 months of living expense estimated at 20,000 dollars.”可以推断出除去生活费用20万美元，学习费用应该是30万美元，故选B。　　13. A. 由“Scholarships are available. The university also offers a monthly payment plan…International students…cannot receive federal student loans. But they may be able to take out private loans.”可以得知，除了federal loan以外，scholarship, monthly payment和private loans都是可以发放的，故选A。　　14. D. 文中提到“Australian mothers, on the other hand, spend 3 hours a week purely looking after their children, a much greater disparity than in other countries, like America, Denmark, Italy and France”，因此可以推断出澳大利亚的妈妈比其他三个国家的妈妈照顾孩子的时间要长得多，故选D。　　15. D. 由“traditionally Australian fathers appear to like the fun aspects of parenthood…So while they tend to be happy taking the children to the park or to sports events…unlikely…feeding, bathing or taking the kids to school.”得知澳大利亚的父亲更愿意带孩子参加娱乐性活动，而不喜欢日常的照顾孩子的工作，故选D。　　16. B. 由“The ‘new man’ has a picture of his children on his computer desk top at work. He never misses the kids’ school plays, and he passes on the drink after work so that he can get home in time to read their bedtime story.”可以推断出“new man”愿意抽出更多的时间和孩子们在一起，故选B。　　17. C. 文中提到“This new study suggests that the ‘new man’ feels a little more at home in Europe than in Australia.”，再加上短文前面提到澳大利亚的女性承担了家里照顾孩子的工作，故选C。　　18. B. 由“UNICEF” is joining with a nonprofit group to bring AIDS-prevention programs to more women and children in five countries.”可以得知，新的合作项目主要是服务于受感染的女性和儿童，因此可以推断出澳大利亚很难接受“new man”，故选B。　　19. B. 由“The organization is based in North Carolina and has programs in 70 countries.”可以得知该组织在70个国家开展了项目，D的描述是不正确的，故选D。　　20. A. 由短文最后一句“Experts praise the government for supporting public education efforts and programs.”可见这个例子是为了表明政府支持的重要性，故选A。　　SECTION C NEWS BROADCASTS　　21. C. 文中提到“They are accused of causing a severe head injury to a 23-year-old restaurant employee by stringing a rope between poles across a road.”由此得知，受害者是一位23岁的餐厅员工，故选C。　　22. B. 由“US Forces in Japan was informed of the August incident in late October,”可以推断出间隔时间为两个月，故选B。　　23. A. 由“After hours of heated debate, the vote is scheduled for Wednesday, and can be put forward provided parties in the parliament would reach an agreement on the pact.”可以推断出，只有在国会各党派达成一致时才进行投票，故选A。　　24. D. 由“The US has agreed to pull troops out of Iraqi cities and towns by mid-2009 and leave Iraq by the end of 2011.”得知美军队要到2011年底才能完全撤离，故选D。　　25. C. 文中提到“The Honduran Institute of Childhood and Family, together with the police and the district attorney, carry out operations around the country to rescue the children and punish the parents.”可以得知参与救援的有Institute of Childhood and Family, the police, the district attorney，故选C。　　26. A. 由“Parents who allow their children to be exploited in this way face, in addition to as many as six years in prison, the equivalent of a $500 fine.”可以推断出允许孩子去行乞的父母将会面临入狱的风险，故选A。　　27. B. 全文大意是意大利拥有欧洲最美丽的海滩，但是很多被私人海滩俱乐部占有，并且对外收费，政府认为海滩应该归政府所有，并且有用不应收费。故选B。　　28. A. 新闻中说“closed the airport for several hours”而非整个周五都关闭，A为干扰项，故选A。文中提到“bus routes were suspended Friday as roads were too icy to navigate. Two charter buses…crashed and hung…”，由此可以排除B、D;最后一句提到“The snowfall closed the airport for several hours and cut into local business hours for retail shops during the busiest shopping season of the year.”，可以排除C。　　29. C. 文中提到“21 people have been rescued.”，故选C。　　30. A. 文中提到“We are now investigating all possible reasons for the explosions”可知爆炸原因不明，故排除B;文中没有提到救援行动周四结束，故排除C;由“a series of explosions reduced it to rubble”可知D不正确，故选A。　　PART III CLOZE　　31. B. in addition意为“此外，另外”;in other words意为“换句话说，也就是说”;in a word意为“简言之，总之，一句话”;in summary意为“总的说来，概括起来。”分析原句可知空格后的内容是对前半句的同义解释，故选B。句意：我们尚不清楚人类是怎样开始学会创造语言的，也就是说，语言的起源还是个谜。　　32. A. 根据句意，人类与动物的不同在于，人类设法创造一些声音来表达思想与情感、描述行为与事物。且根据本句末尾处的represent those sounds可得知，A为正确选项。　　33. C. such that意为表示某事的“重要性、价值”等达到“that”后提及的那种程度;as that意为“例如”;in that意为“因为，原因在于”，引导原因状语从句。空格后的内容“她们可以相互交流”是上半句带来的结果，空格处应填入引导结果状语从句的衔接词，故选C。　　34. D. agree可以与介词to, with, on (upon) 搭配。这里句意是人们商定了一些特定的符号，故选D。agree to sth.意为“同意;愿意;答应(某事物)”;agree with sb.意为“与某人意见一致”;agree on (upon) 意为“对…意见一致”。　　35. B. spelt意为“拼写”;combined意为“组合”;written意为“写下来”;copied意为“复制”。显然字母能够被组合在一起代表声音，故选B。　　36. A. 根据句意和常识，字母既可以代表声音，也可以被写下来。且下句中的written in letters也给出了提示，故选A。　　37. D. 本句考查的是固定搭配whether…or…“是…还是…，不管…还是…”，故选D。句意：这些声音，不论是被说出来的，还是用字母记录下来的，我们称之为语言。　　38. B. function意为“功能”;association意为“联想”;roles意为“作用，职责;角色”;links意为“环节，联系，纽带”。原句破折号后的内容是对空格处的解释说明，故选B。其它三项均与破折号后的内容不符。句意：语言的力量在于它所能引发的联想——它们在我们的头脑中所引发的事物。　　39. A. 分析原句结构可知空格处应填入形容词，其中live意为“活的，生动的，精力充沛的，直播的”;active意为“活跃的，积极的;主动的”，这两项均与原文意义不符，且full后面应搭配介词of，故排除B、C、D，A为正确选项。　　40. D. 通过分析可知，本句与上句之间是并列关系，故选D。but引导转折关系，or引导选择关系，yet引导转折关系。　　41. B. reappear意为“再出现”;recall意为“回想起，召回”;remember意为“记得，记住”;recollect意为“重新集合，恢复”。本句指语言让我们回想起往事的快乐和悲伤，故选B。　　42. C. read and think意为“阅读和思考”;read and recall意为“阅读和回想”;read and learn意为“阅读和学习”;read and recite意为“阅读和背诵”。根据句意，只有通过阅读和学习，我们掌握的词汇才会越多，且read and learn是常用固定搭配。故选C。　　43. B. 分析原句结构可知空格处应填入不及物动词，故首先排除raises，因为该次只能用作及物动词。increase意为“增加”;improve意为“改善”;emerge意为“出现”。本句指词汇量的增加，故选B。　　44. D. intensively意为“加强地，集中地”;extensively意为“广泛地，彻底地”;broadly意为“宽广地，明白地，概括地”;powerfully意为“非常地，强有力地”。故选D。句意：伟大的作家不仅有着伟大的思想，而且还能用语言将这些思想表达出来，引起我们在思想和情感上的强烈共鸣。　　45. A. charming意为“迷人的，有吸引力的”;academic意为“学术的”;conventional意为“传统的”;common意为“普通的”。由于上文提到作家的作品能引起读者的共鸣，所以这是一种“有吸引力”的用法，故选A。　　46. C. written意为“书面的”;spoken意为“口头的”;literary意为“文学的”;dramatic意为“戏剧的”。这里指作家的文学文体，故选C。　　47. B. 句意：诗人是真正的语言大师。master of words意为“语言大师”，故选B。　　48. D. 介词by表示“方式，方法”，故选D。句意：合理的组织语言，其引发的联想能够令人感动得落泪。　　49. A. move sb. to tears是固定搭配，意为“使某人感动得落泪”。故选A。　　50. C. make后可接宾补成分，表示使宾语变为某种状态，故选C。transform和change意为“改变”，但不能接宾补，故排除。convert与介词to搭配，表示“转变到另一种状态”，故排除。　　PART IV GRAMMAR AND VOCABULARY　　51. D. 本题为句意理解题。句中的斜体字部分from excessive reading是眼睛红的原因，故选D。句意：由于看书太多，她的眼睛红了。　　52. A. 考查情态动词。must用在肯定句中表示较有把握的推测，意为“一定”。当must后接完成时的时候，表示对已发生的事情的推测。根据句意，此处应该为有把握的推测，故选A。句意：南希去上班了，但她的车还在那儿。她一定是坐公交车去的。　　53. D. 考查惯用结构。enough to do sth.是惯用结构，enough前必须有其他形容词或副词。句意：他感到自己还没有强壮到可以去国外旅行。　　54. C. 考查宾语从句。本句中after后需要一个宾语从句，该宾语从句缺主语，因此需要一个作主语的连接代词。只有what可以在宾语从句中充当主语，故选C。句意：在经过似乎漫长的等待后，轮到他进入人事经理的办公室了。　　55. B. 考查状语从句。as用作连此时，和though的意义相同，而从句中的实义动词或系动词后的形容词需提前。本句中fool是形容词，位于句首，符合as引导让步状语从句的使用条件，故选B。句意：杰瑞再愚蠢也不可能做出这样的事儿。　　56. C. 本题为句意表达题。不定代词each在句中可以作主语、宾语、定于和同位语，用作同位语时，each可以用在代词之后。选项A、B、D均符合语法要求，故选C。　　57. B. 考查反意疑问句。本句中含有否定含义的副词seldom，故反意时用肯定形式does she。选项A的not与seldom矛盾;选项C和D中的would与句中的goes不吻合。故选B。句意：她很少去剧院，是吗?　　58. D. 本题为句意理解题。从句意可以判断，这里的head of the department和an expert in translation说的都是Dr. Johnson，可见两部分之间是并列关系，故选D。句意：约翰逊博士是系主任，翻译专家。　　59. C. 考查代词。本句为主从复合句，其中时间状语从句的主语为one，因此主句中对应的代词应该用he，故选C。句意：一个人身体健康时应该感到幸运。　　60. A. 考查虚拟语气。形容词为necessary，important，impossible，strange，natural，essential等时，在“It + be + 形容词或过去分词 + 主语从句”结构中，主语从句要用虚拟语气，其中的should可以省略。故选A。句意：他必须按时交作业。　　61. D. 本题为句子成分题。在It’s no use waiting for her中，it为形式主语，句子真正的主语是动名词短语waiting for her，故选D。A意为“宾语”，B意为“状语”，C意为“补语”。　　62. C. 考查限定词排序。限定词的相互搭配关系为：前位+中位+后位。四个选项中，只有C中的Many his为“后位+中位”，不符合限定词的相互搭配关系，故选C。　　63. A. 本题为句子成分题。宾语后面加上一个词或一个短语用来对宾语的特征、状态等情况进行补充说明，这个成分称之为宾语补足语。它和前面的宾语一起形成“复合宾语”，宾语和宾语补足语之间存在一种逻辑上的主谓关系。选项A中的manager和宾语John之间存在逻辑主谓关系，故为宾语补足语。而选项B、C、D中的动词后面都是双宾语。　　64. D. 本题为句意表达题，考查的是副词作状语的用法。选项D中的yet用于否定句和疑问句，而原句为陈述句，故选D。　　65. B. 考查非谓语动词。本句中缺失主语。动名词短语作主语时，通常用于表示一件已知的事或经验。不定式短语通常用来表示一件未完成的事或目的。本句中“长得不高”是一件已知的事情，所以选择动名词短语作主语，表示否定意义，not要放在动名词前面，故选B。句意：长得不高不该成为生活和工作中的一个严重不足之处。　　66. B. 考查名词辨析。Contradiction意为“矛盾”，指比较抽象的，在观点、意见上的矛盾;conflict意为“冲突”，比矛盾强烈，且可以是针锋相对的，公开的。由句中的never got on well in work可以判断，两人积怨已深，personality conflict指“性格矛盾”，故选B。句意：由于性格冲突，这两个同事在工作上从未相处融洽过。　　67. D. 考查固定搭配。hang out意为“出外玩儿、闲逛”;hang about意为“逗留，徘徊”;hang on意为“握住不放，坚持，不挂断”;hang over意为“延续，威胁”。故选D。句意：暑假时，孩子们经常被看到在街上闲玩儿。　　68. C. 本题为名词辨析题。spectator意为“观众”;viewer意为“电视观众、检查员”;participants意为“参与者”;onlooker意为“旁观者”。句中提到的是international conference，显然应该指参会者，故选C。句意：今年夏天，有150人出席该国际会议。　　69. B. 本题为形容词辨析题。这里需要一个副词来修饰形容词cold。只有选项B中的bitter是副词，有“极其”之意，a bitter cold day表示“极其寒冷的一天”，故选B。severe意为“严重的”，frozen意为“冰冻的”，故排除。若用such的话，应为such a cold day，故排除。句意：学校在二月份的一个酷寒天开学了。　　70. D. 本题为形容词辨析题。decisive意为“果断的”，句中的quick和decisive构成近义关系，符合语义衔接关系，故选D。determining是determine的现在分词，不能用作形容词;defensive意为“防御的，保卫的“;demanding意为“要求高的，吃力的”。均不符合句意，故排除。句意：面对意想不到的困难，他显示了迅速果断采取行动的才能。　　71. A. 本题为副词辨析题。Lately意为“近来”，是用于完成时的一个时间状语，与句中的现在完成进行时吻合，故选A。句意：该小组最近一直加班进行该项目研究。　　72. C. 本题为形容词辨析题。motionless意为“不动的，静止的”，immobile意为“不动的，静止的，固定的”，inactive意为“不活动的，怠惰的”。stagnant意为“不景气的”，指“状况不好，没有进步”，尤其是指经济状况不好，符合本句语境，故选C。句意：由于经济危机，该地区的工业生产停滞不前。　　73. B. 本题为动词辨析题。limit，restrict和confine为近义词。limit一般指事先确定空间、时间或数量的极限;restrict意为“限制”，指限制某物的大小、数量等。confine侧重施加不可逾越的限制，有时暗示束缚、囚禁。restrain意为“阻止，抑制”，通常与from搭配，表示“阻止某人做某事”，符合此处语义和语法关系，故选B。句意：警察经常很难阻止歌迷冲到舞台上和歌手照相。　　74. D. 考查固定搭配。put the final touches to为固定搭配，意为“做最后的修饰，完成最后的细节”，其他几词均无此搭配关系，故选D。句意：琼在宿舍里，对演讲稿进行最后的修改。　　75. A. 考查固定搭配。Indulgence意为“沉迷，沉溺于”，与in搭配使用。本句中的沉迷赌博和后面的ruin构成因果关系，故选A。句意：对于赌博的沉迷让他最终沉沦。　　76. C. 本题为副词辨析题。absolutely意为“绝对地，完全地”;accidentally意为“偶然地，意外地”;accurately意为“准确地，精确地”。accordingly意为“照着，相应地”，由句中的and可以看出学生并未不听老师的话，故选C。句意：老师告诉学生们待在教室里，学生照做了。　　77. B. 考查固定搭配。at close range意为“接近地，近距离地”，故选B。句意：实际上在开车经过那一地区时，你能够近距离地看到鹿。　　78. D. 考查固定搭配。make over意为“转让”;make up意为“补足，构成;化妆”;make upon意为“在…获利，在…上赚钱”。make out意为“理解”，从句中的he listened hard以及but可以判断，后面的结果与listened hard应有的结果不一致，即没听懂，故选D。句意：他仔细听了，但还是没能理解他们在谈论什么。　　79. A. 本题为形容词辨析题。plentiful意为“大量的，丰富的”;abundant意为“丰富的，充裕的”，语气比plentiful强，数量比plentiful多;sufficient意为“足够的”。generous意为“丰富的”，是指larger or more than the usual size or amount”之意，从句意可知，这里是介绍该职位的优厚条件，因此a generous salary是指优厚的薪酬及高福利。故选A。句意：对于广告上的招聘职位，公司提供丰厚的薪水和高福利。　　80. C. 本题为动词辨析题。crawl意为“爬行”，是指贴地而爬;run意为“奔跑”;hurry意为“匆忙，赶快”。Scramble意为“攀爬”。由于句中提到的是slope，从而可判断此处说的是攀爬，故选C。句意：由于没有路，旅行者在回来的路上爬了一个岩石斜坡。　　PART V READING COMPREHENSION　　Text A　　81. B. (Lines 1~2, Para.2) 由题干中的Many people believe定位至第二段第二句“Many people believe, however, that our progress depends on two different aspects of science.”，这里明确指出社会进步要靠two different aspects of science，故选B。　　82. D. (Lines 2~4, Para.4) 由题干中的curiosity定位至第四段。第三句和第四句对科学家的好奇心进行了详细解释。第三句指出“He usually directs his attention towards problems which he notices have no satisfactory explanation, and his curiosity makes him look for underlying relationships even if the data available seem to be unconnected.”，选项B对应前一个分句，选项C对应and后的第二个分句。末句“Moreover, he thinks he can improve the existing conditions and enjoys trying to solve the problems which this involves.”表示他对自己有信心，且从这一过程获得愉悦，即pleasure，A也符合文意。故选D。　　83. A. (Lines 1~2, Para.6; Line 1, Para.7) 根据第六段首句的内容，选项A中的unchecked statements是对“statements which are not based on the most complete evidence available”的概括，句首的skeptical意为“怀疑的”，说明成功的可科学家不应该轻信，故选A。选项B与第七段首句的含义一致，但由于题干中出现的是would not，故排除。选项C和D是绝对项，故排除。　　84. C. (Line 1, Para.4; Para.9) 文章开篇通过一个文句引出对科学态度的本质的思考，第二段和第三段介绍了社会进步以来与科学的两个方面，之后第四段首句通过一个问句引出全文主题。后面的内容都是对这个主题的具体说明。末段对这一主旨进行概括，可见本文的主要内容是关注methods of thinking and acting，故选C。　　85. B. 在第四段提出本文主旨后，作者就逐一介绍成功科学家的思维和行为方式。文中没有任何正面或负面评价，可见作者在文中是非常客观地说明成功科学家的思维和行为方式，故选B。　　Text B　　86. A. (Lines 1~3, Para.1) 文章首段第三句指出“Only recently has Latin America begun to receive some attention as well.”，选项A与之矛盾，故为答案。根据首段末句，选项B符合文意;根据首段第一句，选项C正确;选项D是对首段末句的正确阐释。　　87. D. (Line 1, Para.2) 由题干中的Nazca lines直接定位至第二段。第二句指出其所在的位置，故选D。　　88. C. (Lines 2~3, Para.2) 由题干中的images定位至第二段第四句，结合前一句可知，从地面上看，只会看见乱糟糟的一堆东西，看不出是什么图案，但是在高空看，就会清晰地看出是什么图案了，故选C。　　89. B. (Lines 1~3, Para.3) 由题干中的interest定位至第三段，根据前两句，选项B是对“the creation of the Internet”的解释，故选B。而末句提到的是对互联网对其贡献的具体说明，不是直接原因，故排除A。其余两项与提干无关，故排除。　　90. A. (Para.4) 全文末句表达了作者的态度“Perhaps it is a step in the right direction.”这里a step in the right direction是对这种解开不解之谜方式的肯定，但加上perhaps之后可以感受到作者这种谨慎的态度，故选A。　　Text C　　91. B. (Lines 1~2, Para.1) 由题干中的graduation speeches直接定位至首段，第二句和第三句指出，对于大多数的毕业演讲，人们能够回忆起来的是“为什么穿不舒服的鞋子”这样的琐事，故选B。　　92. D. (Lines 1~2, Para.2) 第二段首句“But graduation speeches are less about the message than the messenger.”是作者表达的观点，然后对其展开说明，提供支持性细节。第二段第二句就是对该句的具体阐释。一些大学收到关注是因为其请来的演讲者备受瞩目，故选D。　　93. D. (Para.4; Line 3, Para.7; Lines 3~4, Para.8) 第四段提到奥普拉的演讲，这里提到了success，故B符合文意;第七段末句提到“Service is the rent we pay for living”，故C符合文意;第八段末句表明A符合文意。只有generosity“慷慨”未被题记，故选D。　　94. C. (Lines 3~4, Para.9) 由题干可定位至第九段，根据末句可知，既然是在那些时刻只想着自己脚上的泡，说明人们根本没听演讲者在说什么，自然也就不记得他们说的话了。故选C。　　95. C. (Lines 1~2, Para.10) 末段最后指出“It’s probably not something most graduation speakers would say, but it’s one of the first lessons of growing up.”，这里的it指代前一句说的“that our most ‘memorable’ occasions may elicit the fewest memories”，故选C。　　Text D　　96. A.(Lines 2~3, Para.1)由题干中的the English定位至首段第四句，说明英国人对谁应该和谁在一起用餐搞的很清楚，下一句也进一步说明这一点。故选A。　　97. C.(Lines 1~2, Para.1; Lines 1~2, Para.2; Lines 1~2, Para.3)第二段首句提出“In some New Guinea societies, the nuclear family is not the unit that eats together.”。由第二段第二句可知，答案为C。根据首段第三句可排除A，根据第三段最后两句可排除B，D与第三段第二句矛盾。　　98. A. (Lines 2~3, Para.1; Line 6, Para.1; Line 2, Para.3) 根据首段末句可知，通过用餐的食物，人们可以判断来客的身份以及一起用餐的人之间的关系，而不是一起用餐表明了食物的种类。故选A。根据首段第四句可知，B符合文意;从第二段可知，D符合文意;从第三段第三句可知，C符合文意。　　99. D. (Line 1, Para.5) 末端首句提出观点，之后对其展开说明，解释在印度不同种姓人们的用餐规矩，可见rank影响他们的用餐方式，social status是对rank的同义替换，故选D。　　100. D. 本文开篇提出主旨，之后就“Who eats together defines social units.”展开说明，分别介绍了英国人在一起的用餐规则，新几内亚社会的夫妻分开用餐等。之后提到一些用餐禁忌以及印度的种姓制度使得不同社会阶层的人不在一起用餐，可见文章的主旨是说文化对不同地区人们在一起用餐的习俗的影响。故选D。　　PART IV WRITING　　SECTION A COMPOSITION　　参考范文　　Should College Students Hire Cleaners?　　Recently, the report that some college students hire cleaners go do laundry and cleaning in he dorm has immediately sparked a heated debate. Personally, I believe that such practice should not be encouraged at universities.　　Firstly, college students should have the capability to do the laundry and cleaning. Doing family chores is only a simple way to cultivate independence. If college students cannot do it, they cannot take care of themselves, let alone other complex things. Hence, it is a bit ironic for those young adults, who always claim they are totally independent of their parents in this respect.　　Secondly, college students should feel shamed of disposing of their parents’ hard-earned money in this way. With a large proportion of their living expenses and tuitions covered by their parents, wasting money for laundry and cleaning is not justifiable.　　Those who have good reasons to hire a cleaner argue that college time is for study, not for doing the laundry and cleaning. But I’m afraid that the so-called “busy” is just an excuse for being reluctant to do the laundry.　　In conclusion, hiring cleaners should not be encouraged at universities, whose purpose is to cultivate responsible and independent adults, instead of lazy parasites.　　SECTION B NOTE-WRITING　　参考范文　　April 17th, 2010　　Dear John,　　I happened to learn that you were throwing an end-of-the-term party next week. That’s really a fascinating idea and I’ve been expecting that for long. I have some balloons and ribbons at hand and I can help you decorate the room. As for the music for the party, I have almost a hundred CDs, so you can drop by when you have time and get those you like.　　Yours sincerely,　　Tom﻿2011英语专业四级真题及答案2011英语专业四级真题 2011专四答案　　2011专四答案：听写部分　　British holidaying habits In the late 1970s, air travel became affordable for the average family in the UK, and more people started travelling abroad for their summer holidays. After all, the British weather wasn’t very good, even in summer, so a lot of people left the country for a vacation.　　In the 1980s and 1990s, young people in the UK became wealthier on average. As a result, they started to go abroad in groups, to places such as Spain and Greece. Once they arrived at their destination, they met with other groups of young people and had one long party.　　British holidaying habits have begun to change, however. Climate change means that the UK now has a hotter climate, so people do not need to go overseas to find good weather. Also, going abroad is more expensive. As a result, more British people are choosing to spend their summer holidays in the UK.　　2011专四答案：听力部分　　1-5 CDBAC 6-10 DACDB 11-15 CADCB　　16-20 DACBB 21-25 BBACB 26-30 CACDB　　2011专四答案：完形填空部分　　31-35 BDACB 36-40 DACBD 41-45 CABDA 46-50 CBADB　　2011专四答案：语法词汇部分　　51-55 BCABD 56-60 BACBD 61-65 ACBAB 66-70 BACBD 71-75 ACBDA 76-80 CBADB　　2011专四答案：阅读部分　　81-85 BDBAC 85-90 ACADB　　91-95 BADDC 96-100 BCACB　　2011年专四作文参考范文　　Should private car owners be taxed for pollution?私家车主是否应交污染税?　　With the development of society, many people can afford a car. As the  number of the cars is rising, we are facing some problems. One big problem is the pollution caused by the use of cars. In order to solve this problem, government agencies in some big cities recently suggest that a “pollution tax” should be put on private cars in order to control the number of cars and reduce pollution in the city. For my part, I agree to this viewpoint, and my reasons are as follows:　　To begin with, cars contribute to the environmental pollution. For example, a lot of big cities in China are now plagued by serious air pollution. Then it is the responsibility of these private car owners to pay for the pollution and they should be taxed. The purpose of collecting environmental pollution tax is to raise the fund, and then utilize the tax revenue lever to protect our environment.　　Secondly, it is a good way to raise people’s environmental awareness by putting a pollution tax on private cars. If people suffer from the financial loss when making a decision, they will think more about their decision. Then they will consider more when deciding to buy a private car. Consequently, the increase rate of the number of the private cars can be controlled.　　In a word, it is a very good and necessary attempt to use the means of taxation to treat the pollution. Of course, it must be kept in mind that all people, including the private car owners, should try their best to protect the environment.　　﻿2012英语专业四级真题及答案　　PART I DICTATION [15 MIN]　　Listen to the following passage.Altogether the passage will be read to you four times.During the first reading, which will be done at normal speed, listen and try to understand the meaning.For the second and third readings，the passage will be read sentence by sentence, or phrase by phrase，with intervals of 15 seconds.The last reading will be done at normal speed again and during this time you should check your work.You will then be given 2 minutes to check through your work once more.Please write the whole passage on ANSWER SHEET ONE.　　PART II LISTENING COMPREHENSION [20 MIN]　　In Sections A,B and C you will hear everything ONCE ONLY. Listen carefully and then answer the questions that follow.Mark the best answer to each question on Answer Sheet Two.　　SECTION A CONVERSATIONS　　In this section you will hear several conversations.Listen to the conversations carefully and then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions l to 3 are based on the following conversation.At the end of the conversation, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions.Now, listen to the conversation.　　l.The Ethical Consumer Research Association will provide information to shoppers on　　A.product price.　　B.product quality.　　C.manufacturers.　　D.production methods.　　2.According to the conversation，an ethical shopper should　　A.ask for others’advice before buying things.　　B.consider the worth of something to be bought.　　C.postpone buying things whenever possible.　　D.search for things that are less costly.　　3.According to the conversation，ethical shoppers can be best described as　　A.shrewd. B.thrifty.　　C.extravagant. D.cautious.　　Questions 4 to 7 are based on the following conversation.At the end of the conversation，you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions.Now,listen to the conversation.　　4.Which of the following statements is CORRECT about Mary?　　A.She is enjoying her language study.　　B.She is enjoying her management study.　　C.She is not feeling very well at the moment.　　D.She is not happy about her study pressure.　　5.What does Mary think of the course initially?　　A.It is useful. B.It is difficult.　　C.It is challenging. D.It is interesting.　　6.What is Mary’s problem of living in a family house?　　A.She dislikes the food she eats. B.She is unable to sleep well.　　C.She has no chance to make friends. D.She finds the rent high.　　7.Which of the following is Mr.Davies’advice?　　A.To tryto make more friends.　　B.To try to change accommodation.　　C.To spend more time on English.　　D.To stop attending language classes.　　Questions 8 to 10 are based on the following conversation.At the end of the conversation，you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions.Now,listen to the conversation.　　8.According to the conversation，the day is special because　　A.many people are surfing the net on that day.　　B.it is an anniversary of the internet.　　C.the net brought about no changes until that day.　　D.big changes will take place on that day.　　9.We learn from the conversation that people　　A.cannot Jive without the internet.　　B.cannot work without the internet.　　C.all use the internet to keep in touch.　　D.have varied opinions about internet use.　　10.At the end of the conversation.the speakers talk about　　A.the future of the internet.　　B.the type of office furniture.　　C.when changes will come.　　D.how people will use the internet.　　SECTION B PASSAGES　　In this section，you will hear several passages.Listen to the passages carefully and then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions 11 to 13 are based on the following passage.At the end of the passage, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions.Now, listen to the passage.　　11.In order to open a bank account，you need to produce____in addition to your passport.　　A.a library card B.a registration form　　C.a telephone bill D.a receipt　　12.Which of the following might NOT be included in the‘utility bill’?　　A.Rent. B.Gas. C.Water. D.Telephone.　　13.According to the passage，what can one do in the post office?　　A.Getting contact details. B.Obtaining tax forms.　　C.Paying housing rents. D.Applying for loans.　　Questions 14 to 17 are based on the following passage.At the end of the passage, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions.Now, listen to the passage.　　14.According to the passage，‘scheduling’means that you　　A.need to be efficient in work.　　B.plan your work properly.　　C.try to finish work ahead of time.　　D.know how to work in teams.　　15.According to the passage, one of the activities to relax could be　　A.protecting wild animals.　　B.spending time with your family.　　C.learning how to read efficiently.　　D.learning how to do gardening.　　16.One of the ways to reduce stress is to　　A.do better than anyone else.　　B.fulfill high ambitions in one's work.　　C.work and have reasonable aims.　　D.start with a relatively low aim.　　17.According to the passage，to reduce stress has something to do with the following EXCEPT　　A.one's position. B.one's interest.　　C.one's health. D.one's mood.　　Questions 18 to 20 are based on the following passage.At the end of the passage, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions.Now, listen to the passage.　　18.According to the passage，new words tend to come from　　A.world politics. B.advances in science.　　C.areas of life. D.all the above.　　19.The passage explains the larger and richer vocabulary of English mainly from a viewpoint.　　A.historical B.cultural　　C.commercial D.colonial　　20.According to the passage，which of the following statements best describes the English language?　　A.It is outdated in grammar.　　B.It accepts new words from science.　　C.It has begun taking in new words.　　D.It tends to embrace new words.　　SECTION C NEWS BROADCAST　　In this section，you will hear several news items.Listen to them carefully and then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions 21 and 22 are based OH the following news.At the end of the news item，you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions.Now listen to the news.　　21.Where was the marble statue found?　　A.Out in the sea. B.Inside a bath house.　　C.On a cliff along the coast. D.On the coast outside Jerusalem.　　22.Which of the following best describes the condition of the statue?　　A.It was incomplete. B.It was recent artwork.　　C.It was fairly tall. D.It was in pieces.　　Questions 23 and 24 are based on the following news.At the end of the news item.you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions.Now, listen to the news.　　23.The rescue efforts concentrated mainly on　　A.the U.S.-Canada border B.snow-stricken regions.　　C.highways. D.city streets.　　24.According to the news，the last group of people might have been stranded in their vehicles　　for more than ____ hours before being rescued.　　A.24 B.25 C.40 D.48　　Questions 25 and 26 are based on the following news.At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions.Now, listen to the news.　　25.According to the 2006 anti-smoking restrictions，smoking was NOT allowed in　　A.offices. B.restaurants. C.bars. D.school playgrounds.　　26.According to the news，which of the following groups reacts negatively to the new law?　　A.Television producers. B.Hotel owners.　　C.Medical workers. D.Hospital management.　　Questions 27 and 28 are based on the following news.At the end of the news item，you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions.Now, listen to the news.　　27.According to the news，who first discovered the fraud?　　A.A client. B.A bank manager.　　C.The police. D.Bank headquarters.　　28.When did the bank employee hand himself in?　　A.A month before the fraud was discovered.　　B.A day before the fraud was discovered.　　C.A day after the police launched investigation.　　D.A month after he transferred the money.　　Question 29 is based on the following news.At the end of the news item, you will be given 5 seconds to answer the question.Now, listen to the news.　　29.What is this news item mainly about?　　A.How to open Hotmail accounts.　　B.How to retrieve missing e-mails.　　C.New e-mail service by Microsoft.　　D.Problems and complaints about e-mails.　　Question30 is based on the following news.At the end of the news item, you will be given 5 seconds to answer the question.Now, listen to the news.　　30.Compared with 2009，which of the following figures remained about the same in 2010?　　A.Number of tickets sold. B.Box office revenues.　　C.Attendance rate. D Number of cinemas.　　PART III CLOZE 【15 MIN】　　Decide which of the choices given below would best complete the passage if inserted in the corresponding blanks.Mark the best choice for each blank on Answer Sheet Two.　　The earthquake of 26th December 2004 resulted in one of the worst natural disasters in living memory.It was a (31) _____ underwater quake and occurred in the Indian Ocean.It (32) ____ coastlines，communities and brought death to many people.　　Why do earthquakes happen?　　The surface of the earth has not always looked as it does today;it is  moving(33)____ (although very slowly)and has done so for billions of years.This is one(34)____ of earthquakes，when one section of the earth (tectonic plate)(35)____ another.Scientists can predict where but not(36)____ this might happen and the area between plates is called a fault line.On one fault line in Kobe，Japan in 1923 over 200,000 people were killed.(37)____，earthquakes do not always　　happen on fault lines，(38)____ is why they are so dangerous and (39)____.　　Where do volcanoes happen?　　Volcanoes happen where the earth's(40)____ is thin：lava，dust and gases(41)____ from beneath the earth.They can rise into a huge cone shape like a mountain and erupt，(42)____ they can be so violent(43)____ they just explode directly from the earth with no warning.There are 1511(44)'____' volcanoes in the world.This means that they may(45)____ be dangerous.In 1985 the Colombian volcano Nevado del Ruiz erupted.The lava melted a glacier and sent tones of mud(46)____ the town below.Twenty thousand people died.Natural disasters like volcanic eruptions are often unpredictable.We regularly do not know when they(47)____ pen，or (48)____ where they will happen.In the future，scientists may be able to watch and predict(49)____ before they happen.This could(50)____ many lives.　　31.A.massive B.significant C.great D.grand　　32.A.changed B.converted C.destroyed D.transformed　　33.A.frequently B.continuously C.regularly D.periodically　　34.A.source B.reason C.movement D.cause　　35.A.collides with B.confronts with C.meets with D.faces with　　36.A.how B.why C.when D.what　　37.A.Generally B.However C.Similarly D.Anyway　　38.A.that B.it C.this D.which　　39.A.unpredictable B.unaccountable C.inevitable D.irresistible　　40.A.surface B.appearance C.crust D.cover　　41.A.flowed out B.burst out C.1eaked out D.trickled out　　42.A.or B.and C.nor D.but　　43.A.like B.for C.as D.that　　44.A.living B.active C.alive D.live　　45.A.relatively B.hardly C.still D.gradually　　46.A.down B.on C.across D.beyond　　47.A.are to B.should C.must D.might　　48.A.else B.even C.though D.whether　　49.A.accidents B.incidents C.occasions D.events　　50.A.rescue B.save C.preserve D.shelter　　PART IV GRAMMAR &VOCABULARY 【15 MIN】　　There are thirty sentences in this section.Beneath each sentence there are four words, phrases or statements marked A，B, C and D.Choose one word, phrase or statement that best completes the sentence.Mark your answers on Answer Sheet Two.　　51.Which of the following sentences is INCORRECT?　　A.Twenty miles seems like a long walk to him.　　B.No one except his supporters agree with him.　　C.Neither Julia nor I were going to the party.　　D.Few students in my class are really lazy.　　52.Which of the following determiners(限定词)can be placed before both singular count nouns and plural count nouns?　　A.many a B.few C.such D.the next　　53.Which of the following reflexive pronouns(反身代词)is used as an appositive(同位语)?　　A，He promised himself rapid progress.　　B.The manager herself will interview Mary.　　C.I have nothing to say for myself.　　D.They quarreled themselves red in the face.　　54.My boss ordered that the legal documents ____ to him before lunch.　　A.be sent B.were sent C.were to be sent D.must be sent　　55.Which of the following sentences expresses WILLINGNESS?　　A.By now she will be eating dinner.　　B.I shall never do that again.　　C.My brother will help you with the luggage.　　D.You shall get a promotion.　　56.Which of the following sentences is INCORRECT?　　A.How strange feelings they are!　　B.How dare you speak to me like that!　　C.What noise they are making!　　D. What a mess we are in!　　57.which of the italicized parts functions as a subject?　　A.We never doubt that her brother is honest.　　B.The problem is not who will go but who will stay.　　C.You must give it back to whoever it belongs to。　　D.It is clear that the crime was done deliberately.　　58.which of the italicized parts functions as an object?　　A.He doesn’t like the idea of my speaking at the meeting.　　B.It is no use your pretending not to know the matter.　　C.My parents strongly object to my going out alone at night.　　D.Her falling into the river was the climax of the whole trip.　　59.All the following sentences have an appositive EXCEPT　　A.She bought herself a pair of new shoes.　　B.Only one problem still remains-the food.　　C.My friends all understand and support me.　　D.She liked her current job，teaching English.　　60.Which of the following best explains the meaning of“Shall we buy the tickets first”?　　A.He said that we were going to buy the tickets first.　　B.He requested that we buy the tickets first.　　C.He suggested that we buy the tickets first.　　D.He advised us to buy the tickets first.　　61.Which of the following contains an adverbial clause of cause?　　A.I got a job as soon as I left university.　　B.As there was no answer, I wrote again.　　C.You must do the exercises as I show you.　　D.Wealthy as he is，Mark is not a happy man.　　62.Which of the following prepositional phrases can function as an adverbial?　　A.Are you sure of Simon's disappearance?　　B.The man with a beard is talking to the manage.　　C.Every precaution was taken against the failure of the plan.　　D.Despite the rain，everyone enjoyed the trip.　　63.A：Mother.you promised to take me out. B：Well_____　　A. so I did! B. so did I. C. so I do! D. so do I　　64.Which of the following prepositional phrases is an adverbial of concession?　　A.They used the box for keeping treasures.　　B.I stepped aside for her to get in first.　　C.For all that he seems to dislike me，I still like him.　　D.The parents bought a birthday cake for their son.　　65.Which of the following sentences is INCORRECT?　　A.Poultry are very expensive in the city.　　B.New machinery were introduced in the factory.　　C.The police are investigating the murder case.　　D.The militia were called out to rescue flood victims.　　66.The girl cannot come to school today on account of the flu.The underlined part means_____.　　A.concerning B.because of C.as to D.for　　67.Mary and John are busy looking for a hotel for their wedding _____.　　A.meal B.snack C.refreshment D.banquet　　68.Mini-skirts first _____ in the 1960s.　　A.caught out B.caught in C.caught on D.caught up　　69.That outburst at the meeting was ____ of his bad temper.　　A.illustrative B.explanatory C.expository D.revealing　　70.The earthquake refugees are ____ for food and blankets.　　A.desirous B.ambitious C.seriously off D.badly off　　71.When Linda heard the good news she tried to sound casual，but her excitement was obvious.　　The underlined part means _____.　　A.uncaring B.disinterested C.without plan D.without warning　　72.Most Chinese people went to work by bike within living _____.　　A.mind B.knowledge C.memory D.scope　　73.The speaker was very good at ____ his ideas during the discussion.　　A.putting aside B.putting across C.putting back D.putting off　　74.The food is good at this hotel，but the ____ is poor;the waiters don’t seem to be well trained.　　A.maintenance B.repair C.charge D.service　　75.Slavery was ____ in America in the 19th century.　　A.abolished B.cancelled C.abandoned D.terminated　　76.Mercifully，I was able to complete all I had to do within a few days.The underlined part means _____.　　A.efficiently B.surprisingly C.fortunately D.shortly　　77.The boys in the dorm ____ a coin to decide who would clean the floor.　　A.held B.tossed C.put D.collected　　78.The patterns of spoken language are ____ from those of writing.　　A.distinct B.distinctive C.distinguished D.distinguishing　　79.A(n)____ shape has four straight sides at 90°to each other, two of which are much longer than the other two.　　A.square B.oval C.oblong D.circular　　80.I’d like to have a ____ word with his parents.　　A.peaceful B.quiet C.silent D.personal　　PART V READING COMPREHENSION 【25 MIN】　　In this section there are four passages followed by questions or unfinished statements，each with four suggested answers marked A,B,C and D.Choose the one that you think is the best answer.Mark your answers on Answer Sheet Two.　　TEXT A　　Saying“thank you”is probably the first thing most of us learn to do in a foreign language.After all，we’re brought up to be polite，and it is important to make a good impression upon other people—especially across national divides.　　So.what exactly are you supposed to say when "thank you" is only the 20th most popular way to express gratitude? According to a recent survey,19 other ways of expressing appreciation finished ahead of "thank you" in a poll of 3,000 people.　　Pollsters found almost half of those asked preferred the more informal“cheers”，while others liked to use such expressions as“ta”,“great" and“nice one”.　　So，just what is the appropriate form of words to express your thanks?　　Fortunately, the clue is in the language itself.“Cheers”，despite its popularity，is considered an informal way to say thank you—and this is a definite clue as to when you can best use it.　　For instance，when going for a drink with friends，a smile and a“cheers”by way of thanks is not only appropriate to the situation，it is also culturally accurate.　　“Ta”，originated from the Danish word“tak”, was the second-most popular expression of thanks，and is also commonly used in informal situations，along with phrases such as“nice one”， and“brilliant”.Interestingly, one word that didn’t make it into the top 20 was“thanks”.Thank you's shorter, more informal cousin.　　“Thanks”can be useful，as it is able to bridge the divide between the formality of “thank you" and the downright relaxed“cheers”.　　Certain words can double as an expression of thanks as well as delight.Again，the words themselves offer the clue as to when best to use  them.　　For example，words like“awesome”，“brilliant" and“you star" featured highly in the new poll and they can hint at both your pleasure at someone's action，as well as serving to express your thanks.If you are on the receiving end of a“new”thank you，you can respond with a simple“no problem”, or“sure”.　　Of course，in certain circumstances，a simple wave，nod or smile may be appropriate.For instance，if a car driver slows down to let you cross the road，simply raising your hand in acknowledgement is enough to show that you appreciate the driver's consideration.　　Sometimes，formality is necessary, and“thank you”is still the best choice in such situations.　　But students should not worry about when exactly to use certain expressions.　　Many people in Western countries are worried that good manners are in  decline.People are　　tired of seeing their acts of kindness and service pass without comment.So don’t think that your　　“thank you”was clumsy or awkwardly formal.The chances are，if you said “thank you”，you　　made someone’s day.You star.　　81.We can tell from the results of the poll that　　A.people are unconcerned about politeness nowadays.　　B.“thank you”remains the best expression of gratitude.　　C.there is a variety of expressions of appreciation.　　D.there are more formal expressions than informal ones.　　82.Which word/phrase does NOT appear in the top 20?　　A.Cheers. B.Thanks. C.Brilliant. D.You star.　　83.According to the passage.which is an appropriate response to“awesome”or“brilliant”?　　A.Thanks. B.Cheers. C.Nice one. D.Sure.　　84.According to the passage，the way in which we express our gratitude depends on all the following EXCEPT　　A.gender. B.formality. C.culture. D.circumstance.　　85.In the last paragraph the author encourages people to　　A.continue their acts of kindness.　　B.behave themselves well.　　C.show their gratitude to others.　　D.stop worrying about bad manners.　　TEXT B　　From 2007 to 2010，American households lost $l1 trillion in real estate，savings, and stocks More than half of all U.S.workers either lost their jobs or were forced to take cuts in hours or pay during the recession.The worst may be behind them now, but the shocking losses of the past few years have reshaped nearly every facet of their lives—how they live，work，and spend—even the way they think about the future.　　For Cindy, the recession began when her husband was relocated to Rhinelander, Wisconsin.by his company forcing the family to move in a hurry.The couple bought a new house but were unable to sell their two-bedroom home in Big Lake，Minnesota.With two mortgages(抵押借款) and two young children to care for, Cindy couldn't imagine how to stretch her husband's paycheck to keep her family fed.　　Then she stumbled upon an online community called Blotanical，a forum for gardeners，many with an interest in sustainability.“The more I read and discussed these practices，the more I realized this would help not only our budget but also our health，”she says.　　Cindy admits that before the recession，she was a city girl with no interest in growing her own dinner.“I grew flowers mostly—I didn’t think about plants that weren’t visually interesting." But to stretch her budget，she began putting in vegetables and fruit—everything from strawberry beds to apple trees—and as her first seedlings grew，her spirits lifted.She no longer thinks of gardening and making her own jams as just a money saver;they’re a genuine pleasure.“It’s brought us closer together as a family, too，”she says.Her kids voluntarily pitch in with(主动帮助)the garden work，and the family cooks together instead of eating out.The food tastes better —it's fresher and organic —and the garden handily fulfills its original purpose：cost cutting.Now she spends about $200 to $300 a month on groceries.less than half of the $650 a month that she used to lay out.　　After discovering how resourceful she can be in tough times，Cindy is no longer easily discouraged.“It makes me feel proud to be able to say I made it myself,”she says.“I feel accomplished，and I'm more confident about attempting things I've never done before." Now she avoids convenience stores and has begun learning to knit，quilt，and make her own soap."I don't think I would have ever begun this journey if it weren’t for the recession，”she says.“I have a feeling that from now on，it will affect my family’s health and happiness for the better."　　86.We learn from the first paragraph that the recession　　A.affected Americans in certain occupations.　　B.had great impact on Americans’work and life.　　C.had only brought huge losses in savings and stocks.　　D.is over with some of the losses recovered.　　87.What made the family's financial situation even worse was that they　　A.moved to Rhinelander in a hurry.　　B.had two children to raise.　　C.didn't know anyone in Rhinelander.　　D.couldn't sell their home in Big Lake.　　88.Which of the following statements is CORRECT?　　A.Cindy had seen the benefits of gardening in a different way.　　B.Cindy had developed a hobby of gardening before the recession.　　C.Cindy had already had a keen interest in sustainability.　　D.Cindy had already planned to meet the gardeners.　　89.In addition, Cindy views gardening as a genuine pleasure because gardening　　A.helped her cut living costs almost by half.　　B.enabled her to make her own jams.　　C.built up family ties and kids’enthusiasm.　　D.enabled her to know more about plants.　　90.What does Cindy think of the difficult times she has gone through?　　A.It gave the couple and their kids a tough lesson.　　B.It gave her confidence and optimism.　　C.It would come again and affect the family.　　D.It left a lasting psychological impact on the family.　　TEXT C　　“I'm a little worried about my future，”said Dustin Hoffman in The Graduate.He should be so lucky.All he had to worry about was whether to have an affair with Mrs Robinson.In the sixties，that was the sum total of post-graduation anxiety syndrome.　　Hoffman's modern counterparts are not so fortunate.The Mrs Robinsons aren't sitting around at home any more，seducing graduates.They are out in the workplace，doing the high-powered jobs the graduates want，but cannot get.For those fresh out of university, desperate for work but unable to get it，there is a big imbalance between supply and demand.And there is no narrowing of the gap in sight.　　The latest unemployment figures show that 746,000 of 18-24 year-olds are unemployed— a record rate of 18 per cent.Many of those will have graduated this summer.They are not panicking yet，but as the job rejections mount up，they are beginning to feel alarmed.　　Of course，it is easy to blame the Government and，in particular, the target that Labour has long trumpeted---50 per cent of school-leavers in higher education.That was not too smart.The Government has not only failed to meet its target—the actual figure is still closer to 40 per cent— but it has raised expectations to unrealistic levels.　　Parents feel as badly let down as the young people themselves.Middle-class families see their graduate offspring on the dole(救济金)queue and wonder why they bothered paying school fees.Working-class families feel an even keener sense of disappointment.For many such families，getting a child into university was the fulfillment of a lifelong dream.It represented upward social and financial mobility.It was proof that they were living in a dynamic，economically successful country.That dream does not seem so rosy now.　　Graduate unemployment is not，ultimately, a political problem ready to be solved.Job-creation schemes for graduates are very low down in ministerial in-trays.If David Cameron's Conservatives had a brilliant idea for guaranteeing every graduate a well-paid job，they would have unveiled it by now.It is a social problem，though a more deep-seated social problem than people perhaps realize.　　91.The author begins with an episode from The Graduate in order to　　A.support the fact that more women are working now.　　B.show that few graduates started working right after graduation.　　C.demonstrate that there were much fewer graduates than now.　　D.emphasize the sharp contrast between now and then.　　92.With regard to job opportunities for young graduates，the author sounds　　A.pessimistic. B.hopeful. C.indifierent. D.furious.　　93.The author is ____ the Labour Government's target：50% of school leavers in higher education.　　A.in favour of B.doubtful about　　C.strongly critical of D.mildly critical of　　94.Which of the following statements about parents’feelings is CORRECT?　　A.Working—class parents feel just as disappointed.　　B.Parents and their children feel equally disappointed.　　C.Middle—class parents feel more disappointed.　　D.Parents feel more disappointed than their children.　　95.Towards the end of the passage，the author implies that　　A.there will be job-creation schemes for graduates.　　B.graduate unemployment is more of a political issue.　　C.graduate unemployment is both a political and a social issue.　　D.the Conservatives are doing far from enough to solve the issue.　　TEXT D　　No matter how many times you have seen images of the golden mask of boyking Tutankhamen，come face to face with it in Egypt's Cairo museum，and you will suck in your breath.　　It was on Nov 4，1923，that British archaeologist Howard Carter stumbled on a stone at the base of the tomb of another pharaoh(法老)in Luxor that eventually led to a sealed doorway.　　Then，on Nov 23，Carter found a second door and when he stuck his head through it，what he saw was to stun the world.Inside lay the great stone coffin，enclosing three chests of gilded wood.　　A few months later, when a crane lifted its granite cover and one coffin after another was removed, Carter found a solid block of gold weighing 110kg.In it was the mummy(木乃伊) of the 19-year-old Tutankhamen，covered in gold with that splendid funeral mask.And all this lay buried for more than 3,000 years.　　Months after my trip to Egypt, I can relive the rush of emotion I felt and sense the hush that descended on the crammed Cairo museum's Tutankhamen gallery.　　Cairo，a dusty city of 20 million people，is a place where time seems to both stand still and rush into utter chaos.It is a place where the ancient and contemporary happily go along on parallel tracks.　　Take the Great Pyramids of Giza，sitting on the western edge of the city.Even as the setting sun silhouettes these gigantic structures against the great desert expanse，a call for prayer floats over semi-finished apartment blocks filled with the activity of city life.　　While careful planning for the afterlife may lie buried underground in Cairo，it is noise and confusion on the streets.Donkey carts battle for space with pedestrians and the only operative road rule is“might is right.”But it is a city that is full of life—from the small roadside restaurants to the coffee shops where men and women smoke the shisha(水烟壶).　　Donkey carts piled high with flat-breads magically find their way in and out the maddening traffic;young women in long skirts and headscarves hold hands with young men in open collar shirts，while conversations dwell on Kuwait's chances at the soccer World Cup.　　96.According to the context,“suck in your breath”means“feel a sense of ____".　　A.awe B.horror C.doubt D.delight　　97.Which of the following statements about the discovery of the mummy is INCORRECT?　　A.The mummy was first discovered by a British archaeologist.　　B.The discovery of the mummy came as a surprise.　　C.The mummy was found lying right inside the stone coffin.　　D.The masked mummy was covered in gold.　　98.Which word CANNOT be used to describe the city of Cairo?　　A.Crowdedness. B.Quiet. C.Noise. D.Confusion.　　99.Which pair of words/phrases indicates contrast?　　A.Gigantic structure;great desert expanse　　B.A call for prayer;men and women with the shisha　　C.Chaos;maddening　　D.Coffee shops;pyramids　　100.What is the author's attitude towards Cairo?　　A.Positive. B.Objective. C.Negative. D. Not clear　　PART VI WRITING 【45 MIN】　　SECTION A COMPOSITION [35 MIN]　　The Dragon Boat Festival(端午节)is one of the important national festivals in China.Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a composition of about 200 words on the following topic：　　The Dragon Boat Festival　　First, you should tell what you know about the festival.　　Second, you should describe how you or other people usually observe the festival.　　Marks will be awarded for content, organization，language and appropriateness.Failure to follow the instructions may result in a loss of marks.　　SECTION B NOTE-WRITING [10 MIN]　　Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a note of about 50-60 words based on the following situation:　　The winter vacation was over，and you came back by train yesterday.Your friend (Michael or Lucy)went to the railway station to meet you and helped cleaning your dorm.Now，write him/her a note，expressing your gratitude and offering your help in return.　　Marks will be awarded for content organization, language and appropriateness.2012专四答案　　2012专四听写参考答案（周玉亮版）
　　Nowadays, many of us try to live in a way that will damage the environment as little as possible. We recycle our newspapers and bottles, we take public transport to get to work, we try to buy locally produced fruit and vegetables，and we want to take these attitudes on holiday with us. This is why alternative forms of tourism are becoming popular in the world. There are a lot of names for these new forms of tourism: responsible tourism, nature tourism, adventure tourism, educational tourism and more.
　　Although everyone may have a different definition, most people agree that these new forms of tourism should do the following: first, they should conserve the wildlife and culture of the area; second, they should benefit the local people; third, they should make a profit without destroying natural resources; and finally they should provide an experience that tourists want to pay for.
　　2012专四听力参考答案（周玉亮版）
　　说明：由于是一次性听力并作答，没有反复斟酌，不能保证答案百分百正确，但是能保证百分之九十以上正确。另外对于有争议的答案下面会有备注。
　　1. C manufacturers
　　2. A ask for others&rsquo; advice before buying things
　　3. D cautious
　　4. D she is not happy about her study pressure
　　5. A it is useful
　　6. C she has no chance to make friends
　　7. B to try to change accommodation.
　　8. B it is an anniversary of the internet
　　9. D has varied opinions about the internet use
　　10.A the future of the internet
　　11.C a telephone bill
　　12.A rent
　　13.D applying for loans
　　14.B plan your work properly
　　15.D learning how to do gardening
　　16.C work and have reasonable aims
　　17.A one&rsquo;s position
　　18.D all the above
　　19.A historical
　　20.D it tends to embrace new words
　　21.C on a cliff along the coast (此题也可能选D)
　　22.A it was incomplete
　　23.B snow stricken
　　24.D 48(此题答案有可能不准确，当时听的时候一闪而过）
　　25.A offices
　　26.B hotel owners
　　27.B a bank manager
　　28.C a day after the police launched investigation
　　29.D problems and complaints about e-mails
　　30.B box office revenue
　　2012专四完形填空参考答案（周玉亮版）
　　31.A massive
　　32.D transformed
　　33.B continuously
　　34.D cause
　　35.A collided with
　　36.C when
　　37.B however
　　38.D which
　　39.A unpredictable
　　40.C crust
　　41.B bursts out
　　42.B and
　　43.D that
　　44.B active
　　45.C still
　　46.B (on和across有点纠结，也可能选其他的）
　　47.A (are to 和 might 仿佛都可以，只是语气不同）
　　48.B even
　　49.A accidents
　　50.B save
　　2012专四语法与词汇参考答案（周玉亮版）
　　51. B. No one except his supporters agree with him
　　考点：主谓一致问题
　　52. 限定词可以放在可数名词单复数之前
　　答案：C. such
　　53. 反身代词做同位语
　　答案：B. The manager herself will interview Mary.
　　54. 答案：A. be sent虚拟语气
　　55. 表达willingness的句子
　　答案：D. You shall get a promotion.
　　Shall在这里有主动陈诺的意思，实际上是我将提拔你。
　　56. 哪句语法有错？
　　答案：A. How strange feelings they are!
　　大家应该知道what 和 how 用于感叹句时的区别
　　57. 下面哪个做主语 subject
　　答案：D. It is clear that the crime was done deliberately
　　主语从句
　　58. 下面哪个做宾语 object
　　答案：C. My parents strongly object to my going out alone at night.
　　59. 下面哪一个不包含同位语appositive
　　答案：Ａ. She bought herself a pair of shoes.
　　60. Shall we buy the tickets first?
　　答案：He requested we buy the tickets first.
　　61. 原因状语从句 an adverbial clause of cause
　　答案： As there were no answer, I wrote again.
　　62. 状语 adverbial
　　答案：Ｄ. Despite the rain, everyone enjoyed the trip.
　　63. 答案：A. so I did.
　　64. 让步状语从句 an adverbial of concession
　　答案：For all that he seems to dislike me, I still like him.
　　65. 答案：B. There machinery were introduced in the factory.
　　集体名词如police, people, cattle, militia, poultry等，通常作复数，用复数动词。foliage, machinery, equipment, furniture, merchandise,通常作不可数名词，随后的动词用单数。例如：All the machinery in the factory is made in China.
　　66.答案：B, on account of = because of
　　67. D. banquet (wedding banquet 婚宴)
　　68. C. caught on (catch on 流行)
　　69. A. That outburst was illustrative of her bad temper.
　　70. D. be badly off 穷困, 缺少
　　71. A. uncaring (=indifferent) 误导项disinterested一般指公正无私
　　72. C. within living memory
　　73. B. putting across (=express)
　　74. D. service （饭菜不错，服务很差）
　　75. A. abolished (slavery)（废除奴隶制度）
　　76. C. fortunately (=mercifully) (上帝仁慈所以幸运)
　　77. B. tossed (a coin)（抛一枚硬币）
　　78. A. distinct (from) （be distinct from 与&hellip;非常不同）
　　79. C. oblong (长方形)
　　80. D. personal (have a personal word with sb. 单独和某人说说话)
　　2012专四阅读理解参考答案（周玉亮版）
　　81. C There is a variety of expressions of appreciation
　　82. B Thanks
　　83. D Sure
　　84. A Gender
　　85. C show their gratitude to others
　　86. B had great impact on American&rsquo;s work and life
　　87. D couldn&rsquo;t sell their home in Big Lake
　　88. A Cindy had seen the benefits of gardening in a different way.
　　89. C built up family ties and kid&rsquo;s enthusiasm
　　90. B It gave her confidence and optimism
　　91. D emphasize the sharp contrast between now and then
　　92. A pessimistic
　　93. D mildly critical of
　　94. B parents and children feel equally disappointed
　　95. C graduate unemployment is both a political and social issue
　　96. A awe
　　97. C the mummy was found lying right inside the stone coffin
　　98. B quiet
　　99. A gigantic structure, great desert expanse
　　100.B objective.
　　2012专四写作真题解析
　　First, you should tell what you know about the festival. Second, you should describe how you or other people usually observe the festival. 很多同学纠结于oberserve这个单词所是遵守的意思，其实在这里指的是celebrate庆祝的意思。建议大家这样写：1. 端午节大概的来历故事；2. 端午节怎么庆祝，3，可以发表下对端午节等传统节日现状的评论。
　　便条写作：要求写一个感谢便条，其实相当简单。　　The Dragon Boat Festival　　The Dragon Boat Festival, also called the Duanwu Festival, is celebrated on the fifth day of the fifth month according to the Chinese calendar. This festival is to commemorate the death of QU Yuan, an upright and honest poet and statesman who is said to have committed suicide by drowning himself in a river.　　The most important activity of this festival is the Dragon Boat races. It symbolizes people's attempts to rescue Qu Yuan. In the current period, these races also demonstrate the virtues of cooperation and teamwork.　　Besides, the festival has also been marked by eating zong zi (glutinous rice). Zong zi is made of glutinous rice stuffed with different fillings and wrapped in bamboo or reed leaves. People who mourned the death of Qu threw Zong zi into the river to feed his ghost every year.　　With the changes of the times, the memorial turns to be a time for protection from evil and disease for the rest of year. People will hang healthy herbs on the front door to clear the bad luck of the house. Although the significance of the festival might be different with the past, it still gives the observer an opportunity to glimpse a part of the rich Chinese cultural heritage.﻿2013英语专业四级真题及答案　　TEST FOR ENGLISH MAJORS (2013)　　—GRADE FOUR—　　TIME LIMIT: 135 MIN　　PART I DICTATION [15 MIN]　　Listen to the following passage. Altogether the passage will be read to you four times. During the first reading, which will be done at normal speed, listen and try to understand the meaning. For the second and third readings, the passage will be read sentence by sentence, or phrase by phrase, with intervals of 15 seconds. The last reading will be done at normal speed again and during this time you should check your work. You will then be given 2 minutes to check through your work once more.　　Please write the whole passage on ANSWER SHEET ONE.　　PART II LISTENING COMPREHENSION [20 MIN]　　In Sections A, B and C you will hear everything ONCE ONLY. Listen carefully and then answer the questions that follow. Mark the best answer to each question on Answer Sheet Two.　　SECTION A CONVERSATIONS　　In this section you will hear several conversations. Listen to the conversations carefully and then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions 1 to 3 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the conversation.　　1. According to the conversation, an example of “Christmas trimmings” could be　　A. presents.　　B. fruits.　　C. sauce.　　D. meat.　　2. A Christmas lunch would include all the following EXCEPT　　A. roast turkey.　　B. sweet potatoes.　　C. meat.　　D. carrots.　　3. Why did Helen come to Rob’s house?　　A. She wanted to talk to Rob.　　B. She had come to help Rob.　　C. She had been invited to lunch.　　D. She was interested in cooking.　　Questions 4 to 7 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the conversation.　　4. Why did the woman phone the club?　　A. She wanted to know more about it.　　B. She was a new comer and felt lonely.　　C. She wanted to learn a new language.　　D. She was interested in social activities.　　5. We learn from the conversation that the club　　A. mainly organizes language activities.　　B. accepts members from local students.　　C. has been set up for a long time.　　D. is increasing its membership.　　6. According to the conversation, the woman might come to practice German on　　A. Wednesday.　　B. Tuesday.　　C. Monday.　　D. Friday.　　7. What is the man going to do after the conversation?　　A. Call up the woman for her address.　　B. Wait for the woman to call him again.　　C. Mail the woman some information.　　D. Wait for the woman to pick up a form.　　Questions 8 to 10 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the conversation.　　8. According to the woman, what actually makes her job difficult?　　A. Difficult questions from interviewees.　　B. Embarrassing requests from interviewees.　　C. Lack of professional background.　　D. Lack of interviewing skills.　　9. The woman uses all the following adjectives when talking about attending job fairs EXCEPT　　A. prospective.　　B. useful.　　C. important.　　D. tiring.　　10. We learn from the conversation that the woman　　A. works better at job fairs.　　B. prefers honest people.　　C. often works on her own.　　D. is experienced in her work.　　SECTION B PASSAGES　　In this section, you will hear several passages. Listen to the passages carefully and then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions 11 to 13 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the passage.　　11. According to today''s weather forecast, which part of Europe has dry weather?　　A. Scandinavian mountains.　　B. Northwestern Europe.　　C. Northern Europe.　　D. Southern Europe.　　12. In which part of Europe does the weather stay both fine and cool?　　A. Southern Europe.　　B. Northern Europe.　　C. Eastern Europe.　　D. Northwestern Europe.　　13. In which region will the weather change tomorrow?　　A. Northern parts of the Mediterranean.　　B. Eastern parts of the Mediterranean.　　C. Central parts of the Mediterranean.　　D. Southern parts of the Mediterranean.　　Questions 14 to 17 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the passage.　　14. According to the passage, what benefit can technology bring to people?　　A. Closer contact with modern devices.　　B. Greater changes in social organization.　　C. Better understanding of mass media.　　D. More useful information to better their life.　　15. The speaker questions about everybody''s access to technological advances. The main reason is　　A. illiteracy.　　B. poverty.　　C. food shortage.　　D. ignorance.　　16. According to the UN plan, all the following will be achieved within ten years EXCEPT　　A. giving everyone a radio or TV.　　B. starting to carry out the scheme in ten years.　　C. offering internet service to more people.　　D. providing more job opportunities.　　17. What could be the topic of the passage?　　A. Growth in telecommunications.　　B. Technology and the developing world.　　C. Education and medical care.　　D. Building an information society.　　Questions 18 to 20 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the passage.　　18. People in Latin America wear something __________ to express their hopes for wealth in the New Year.　　A. new　　B. red　　C. white　　D. yellow　　19. Which of the following New Year’s traditions signals friendship?　　A. Throwing old dishes.　　B. Wearing something red.　　C. Wearing something white.　　D. Eating round fruits.　　20. Which of the following is NOT mentioned as one''s own New Year''s tradition?　　A. Watching TV at home.　　B. Going to bed early.　　C. Visiting friends.　　D. Running and shouting outside.　　SECTION C NEWS BROADCAST　　In this section, you will hear several news items. Listen to them carefully and then answer the questions that follow.　　Questions 21 and 22 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the news.　　21. What is happening to the schools in Fairfax County this school year?　　A. 15 schools have started social studies.　　B. 15 schools have used digital textbooks.　　C. Students are ready to use electronic resources.　　D. Digital textbooks are used for social studies.　　22. With digital textbooks, schools have saved about __________ million dollars.　　A. 1　　B. 2　　C. 3　　D. 4　　Questions 23 and 24 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the news.　　23. Who found the suspicious item at the airport?　　A. TSA agents.　　B. FBI agents.　　C. The police.　　D. Passengers.　　24. Which of the following statements is INCORRECT?　　A. The terminal was closed temporarily afterwards.　　B. There was a thorough search inside the airport.　　C. Passengers at the airport were safe and sound.　　D. The security authorities identified the explosives.　　Questions 25 and 26 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the news.　　25. According to the news item, doctors use art therapy to treat the following problems EXCEPT　　A. alcohol abuse.　　B. smoking.　　C. depression.　　D. schizophrenia.　　26. Why did doctors introduce art therapy in the first place?　　A. To prevent patients from smoking.　　B. To better understand patients.　　C. To get patients occupied.　　D. To teach patients some skills.　　Question 27 and 28 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the news.　　27. What is the main purpose of the new rules?　　A. To reduce the number of pilots on duty.　　B. To prevent pilots from working overtime.　　C. To ensure an adequate amount of sleep.　　D. To fix the amount of work for each pilot.　　28. The Independent Pilots Association was unhappy about the new rules because they　　A. had only covered cargo plane pilots.　　B. had failed to cover all the pilots.　　C. would be put into effect in two years.　　D. would be too costly if implemented.　　Questions 29 and 30 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions.　　Now, listen to the news.　　29. Why is increase in livestock production necessary?　　A. Because livestock production is highly efficient.　　B. Because more people will become wealthier.　　C. Because it may help double food production.　　D. Because it has fewer ecological risks.　　30. What does the word “challenge” mean in the news item?　　A. Balance between human survival and ecology.　　B. Conflict between less land and more production.　　C. Difference between present and future needs.　　D. Calls by environmental critics to consume less meat.　　PART III CLOZE [15 MIN]　　Decide which of the choices given below would best complete the passage if inserted in the corresponding blanks. Mark the best choice for each blank on Answer Sheet Two.　　Everyone knows that taxation is necessary in a modern state: without it, it (31) ______ not be possible to pay the soldiers and policemen who protect us; (32) ______ the workers in government offices who (33) ______ our health, our food, our water, and all the other things that we cannot do for ourselves. (34) ______ taxation, we pay for things that we need just (35) ______ we need somewhere to live and something to eat. But (36) ______ everyone knows that taxation is necessary, different people have different ideas about (37) ______ taxation should be arranged.　　In most countries, a direct tax on (38) ______, which is called income tax, (39) ______. It is arranged in such (40) ______ that the poorest people pay nothing, and the percentage of tax grows (41) ______ as the taxpayer''s income grows. In some countries, for example, the tax on the richest people (42) ______ as high as ninety-five per cent!　　(43) ______ countries with taxation nearly (44) ______ have indirect taxation too. Many things imported into the country have to pay taxes or “duties.” Of course, it is the men and women who buy these imported things in the shops (45) ______ really have to pay the duties, in the (46) ______ of higher prices. In some countries, (47) ______, there is a tax on things sold in the shops. If the most necessary things are taxed, a lot of money is (48) ______ but the poor people suffer most. If unnecessary things (49) ______ jewels and fur coats are taxed, less money is obtained but the tax is (50) ______, as the rich pay it.　　31.　　A. can　　B. may　　C. could　　D. would　　32.　　A. nor　　B. neither　　C. never　　D. not　　33.　　A. look into　　B. look over　　C. look after　　D. look through　　34.　　A. In accordance with　　B. By means of　　C. With reference to　　D. On account of　　35.　　A. as well as　　B. as good as　　C. as such as　　D. as much as　　36.　　A. if　　B. when　　C. though　　D. as　　38.　　A. persons　　B. sectors　　C. communities　　D. classes　　39.　　A. remains　　B. stays　　C. exists　　D. happens　　40.　　A. form　　B. way　　C. measure　　D. method　　41.　　A. quicker　　B. speedier　　C. more　　D. larger　　42.　　A. grows up　　B. increases up　　C. goes up　　D. lifts up　　43.　　A. But　　B. Consequently　　C. Similarly　　D. And　　44.　　A. periodically　　B. almost　　C. often　　D. always　　45.　　A. which　　B. who　　C. what　　D. whom　　46.　　A. manner　　B. form　　C. means　　D. way　　47.　　A. either　　B. also　　C. too　　D. often　　48.　　A. lent　　B. saved　　C. borrowed　　D. collected　　49.　　A. alike　　B. like　　C. as　　D. for　　50.　　A. heavier　　B. fairer　　C. finer　　D. better　　PART IV GRAMMAR & VOCABULARY [15 MIN]　　There are thirty sentences in this section. Beneath each sentence there are four words or phrases marked A, B, C and D. Choose one word or phrase that best completes the sentence.　　Mark your answers on Answer Sheet Two.　　51. Facing the board of directors, he didn’t deny __________ breaking the agreement.　　A. him B. it C. his D. its　　52. Xinchun returned from aboard a different man. The italicized part functions as a (n) __________.　　A. appositive (同位语) B. object C. adverbial D. complement.　　53. Which of the following is a compound word (复合词)?　　A. Nonsmoker.　　B. Deadline.　　C. Meanness.　　D. Misfit.　　54. Which of the following sentences contains subjunctive mood?　　A. Lucy insisted that her son get home before 5 o’clock?　　B. She used to drive to work, but now she takes the city metro.　　C. Walk straight ahead, and don''t turn till the second traffic lights.　　D. Paul will cancel his flight if he cannot get his visa by Friday.　　55. The following determiners(限定词) can be used with both plural and uncountable nouns EXCEPT　　A. more. B. enough. C. many. D. such.　　56. Which of the italicized parts indicates CONTRAST?　　A. She opened the door and quietly went in.　　B. Victoria likes music and Sam is fond of sports.　　C. Think it over again and you’ll get an answer.　　D. He is somewhat arrogant, and I don''t like this.　　57. Which of the following CANNOT be used as a nominal substitute(名词替代词)?　　A. Much.　　B. Neither.　　C. One.　　D. Quarter.　　58. All the following sentences definitely indicate future time EXCEPT　　A. Mother is to have tea with Aunt Betty at four.　　B. The President is coming to the UN next week,　　C. The school pupils will be home by now.　　D. He is going to email me the necessary information.　　59. Which of the following sentences is grammatically INCORRECT?　　A. Politics are the art or science of government.　　B. Ten miles seems like a long walk to me.　　C. Mumps is a kind of infectious disease.　　D. All the furniture has arrived undamaged.　　60. Which of in the following phrases indicates a subject-predicate relationship?　　A. The arrival of the tourists　　B. The law of Newton　　C. The occupation of the island　　D. The plays of Oscar Wilde　　61. Which of the following italicized parts serves as an appositive?　　A. He is not the man to draw back.　　B. Tony hit back the urge to tell a lie.　　C. Larry has a large family to support.　　D. There is really nothing to fear.　　62. Which of the following is NOT an imperative sentence?　　A. Let me drive you home, shall I?　　B. You will mind your own business!　　C. Come and have dinner with us.　　D. I wish you could stay behind.　　63. If it _______ tomorrow, the match would be put off.　　A. were to rain　　B. was to rain　　C. was raining　　D. had rained　　64. Which of the following sentences expresses a fact?　　A. Mary and her son must be home by now.　　B. Careless reading must give poor results.　　C. It’s getting late, and I must leave now.　　D. He must be working late at the office.　　65. The following are all dynamic verbs(动态动词) EXCEPT　　A. remain. B. turn. C. write. D. knock.　　66. __________ to school life was less difficult than the pupil had expected.　　A. Adhering B. Adopting C. Adjusting D. Acquainting　　67. He is fed up with the same old dreary routine, and wants to quit his job. The underlined part means __________.　　A. dull B. boring C. long D. hard　　68. At last night’s party Larry said something that I though was beyond me. The underlined part means __________.　　A. I was unable to do B. I couldn’t understand　　C. I was unable to stop D. I couldn’t tolerate　　69. The couple __________their old house and sold it for a vast profit.　　A. did for B. did in C. did with D. did up　　70. Sally contributed a lot to the project, but she never once accepted all the __________ for herself.　　A. credit B. attention C. focus D. award　　71. The child nodded, apparently content with his mother’s promise. The underlined part means __________.　　A. as far as one has learnt B. as far as one is concerned　　C. as far as one can see D. as far as one is told　　72. The __________ that sport builds character is well accepted by people nowadays.　　A. issue B. argument C. point D. sentence　　73. Everyone in the office knows that Melinda takes infinite care over her work. The underlined part means __________.　　A. limited B. unnecessary C. overdue D. much　　74. The new measure will reduce the chance of serious injury in the event of an accident. The underlined part means __________.　　A. if an accident happens B. if an accident can be prevented　　C. before an accident D. during an accident　　75. Traditionally, local midwives would __________ all the babies in the area.　　A. handle B. produce C. deliver D. help　　76. No food or drink is allowed on the premises. The underlined part means __________.　　A. proposition B. advertisement C. building D. string　　77. The court would not accept his appeal unless __________ evidence is provided.　　A. conclusive B. definite C. eventual D. concluding　　78. As soon as he opened the door, a __________ of cold air swept through the house.　　A. flow B. movement C. rush D. blast　　79. She really wanted to say something at the meeting, but eventually __________ from it.　　A. prevented B. refrained C. limited D. restricted　　80. The couple told the decorator that they wanted their bedroom gaily painted. The underlined part means __________.　　A. brightly B. light-heartedly C. cheerfully D. lightly　　PART V READING COMPREHENSION [25 MIN]　　In this section there are four passages followed by questions or unfinished statements, each with four suggested answers marked A, B, C and D. Choose the one that you think is the best answer.　　Mark your answers on Answer Sheet Two.　　TEXT A　　The art of public speaking began in ancient Greece over 2,000 years ago. Now, twitter, instant messaging, e-mail, blogs and chat forums offer rival approaches to communication—but none can replace the role of a great speech.　　The spoken word can handle various vital functions: persuading or inspiring, informing, paying tribute, entertaining, or simply introducing someone or something or accepting something.　　Over the past year, the human voice has helped guide us over the ups and downs of what was certainly a stormy time.　　Persuasion is used in dealing with or reconciling different points of view. When the leaders met in Copenhagen in December 2009, persuasive words from activists encouraged them to commit themselves to firmer action.　　Inspirational speeches confront the emotions. They focus on topics and matters that are close to people''s hearts. During wars, generals used inspiring speeches to prepare the troops for battle.　　A speech that conveys knowledge and enhances understanding can inform us. The information must be clear, accurate, and expressed in a meaningful and interesting way. When the H1N1 pandemic(流行病)was announced, the idea of “swine flu”(猪流感)scared many people. Informative speeches from World Health Organization officials helped people to keep their panic under control so they could take sensible precautions.　　Sad events are never easy to deal with but a speech that pays tribute to the loss of a loved one and gives praise for their contribution can be comforting. Madonna''s speech about Michael Jackson, after his death, highlighted the fact that he will continue to live on through his music.　　It''s not only in world forums where public speaking plays an important role. It can also be surprisingly helpful in the course of our own lives.　　If you’re taking part in a debate you need to persuade the listeners of the soundness of your argument. In sports, athletes know the importance of a pep talk(鼓舞士气的讲话)before a match to inspire teammates. You yourself may be asked to do a presentation at college or work to inform the others about an area of vital importance.　　On a more personal level, a friend may be upset and need comforting. Or you might be asked to introduce a speaker at a family event or to speak at a wedding, where your language will be needed to move people or make them laugh.　　Great speaking ability is not something we''re born with. Even Barack Obama works hard to perfect every speech. For a brilliant speech, there are rules that you can put to good use. To learn those rules you have to practice and learn from some outstanding speeches in the past.　　81. The author thinks the spoken word is still irreplaceable because　　A. it has always been used to inspire or persuade people.　　B. it has a big role to play in the entertainment business.　　C. it plays important roles in human communication.　　D. it is of great use in everyday-life context.　　82. Which of the following statements is INCORRECT about the role of public speaking?　　A. Speeches at world forums can lead to effective solutions to world problems.　　B. Speeches from medical authorities can calm people down in times of pandemics.　　C. The morale of soldiers before a battle can be boosted by senior officers'' speeches.　　D. Speeches paying tribute to the dead can comfort the mourners.　　83. Public speaking can play all the following roles EXCEPT　　A. to convince people in a debate.　　B. to inform people at a presentation.　　C. to advise people at work.　　D. to entertain people at a wedding.　　84. According to the passage, which of the following best explains the author''s view on “great speaking ability”?　　A. It comes from observing rules.　　B. It can be perfected with easy effort.　　C. It can be acquired from birth.　　D. It comes from learning and practice.　　85. What is the main idea of the passage?　　A. Public speaking in international forums.　　B. The many uses of public speaking.　　C. Public speaking in daily life context.　　D. The rules of public speaking.　　TEXT B　　Every business needs two things, says Skullcandy CEO Rick Alden: inspiration and desperation. In 2001, Alden had both. He''d sold two snowboarding businesses, and he was desperately bored. But he had an idea: He wanted to make a new kind of headphone.　　“I kept seeing people missing their cell phone calls because they were listening to music,” he explains. Then I''m in a chairlift(索道), I''ve got my headphones on, and I realize my phone is ringing. As 1 take my gloves off and reach for my phone, I think, “It can''t be that tough to make headphones with two plugs, one for music and one for your cell phone.” Alden described what he wanted to a designer, perfected a prototype, and outsourced(外包)manufacturing overseas.　　Alden then started designing headphones into helmets, backpacks - anywhere that would make it easy to listen to music while snowboarding. “Selling into board and skate shops wasn''t a big research effort,” he explains. “Those were the only guys I knew!”　　Alden didn’t want to be a manufacturer. And by outsourcing, he''d hoped he could get the business off the ground without debt. But he was wrong. So he asked his wife, “Can I put a mortgage(抵押贷款) on the house? She said, ‘What is the worst thing that can happen? We lose the house, we sell our cars, and we start all over again.’ I definitely married the right woman!”　　For the next two years, Alden juggled mortgage payments and payments to his manufacturers. “Factories won''t ship your product till they get paid,” he says. “But it takes four or five months to get a mortgage company so upset that they knock on your door. So we paid the factory first.”　　Gradually, non-snowboarders began to notice the colorful headphones. In 2006, the company started selling them in 1,400 FYE (For Your Entertainment) stores. “We knew that nine out often people walking into that store would be learning about Skullcandy for the first time. Why would they look at brands they knew and take home a new brand instead? We had agreed to buy back anything we didn’t sell, but we were dealing with huge numbers. It’d kill us to take back all the products.”　　Alden’s fears faded as Skullcandy became the No. 1 headphone seller in those stores and tripled its revenue to $120 million in one year. His key insight was that headphones weren’t gadgets; they were a fashion accessory. “In the beginning,” he says, “that little white wire that said you had an iPod—that was cool. But now wearing the white bud means you’re just like everyone else. Headphones occupy this critical piece of cranial real estate and are highly visible.”　　Today, Skullcandy is America''s second-largest headphone supplier, after Sony. With 79 employees, the company is bigger than Alden ever imagined.　　86. Alden came up with the idea of a new kind of headphone because he　　A. was no longer in snowboarding business.　　B. had no other business opportunities.　　C. was very fond of modern music.　　D. saw an inconvenience among mobile users.　　87. The new headphone was originally designed for　　A. snowboarders.　　B. motorcyclists.　　C. mountain hikers.　　D. marathon runners.　　88. Did Alden solve the money problem?　　A. He sold his house and his cars.　　B. Factories could ship products before being paid.　　C. He borrowed money from a mortgage company.　　D. He borrowed money from his wife''s family.　　89. What did Alden do to promote sales in FYE stores?　　A. He spent more money on product advertising.　　B. He promised to buy back products not sold.　　C. He agreed to sell products at a discount.　　D. He improved the colour design of the product.　　90. Alden sees headphones as　　A. a sign of self-confidence.　　B. a symbol of status.　　C. part of fashion.　　D. a kind of device.　　TEXT C　　I was standing in my kitchen wondering what to have for lunch when my friend Taj called.　　“Sit down,” she said.　　I thought she was going to tell me she had just gotten the haircut from hell. I laughed and said, “It can''t be that bad.”　　But it was. Before the phone call, I had 30 years of retirement saving in a “safe” fund with a brilliant financial guru(金融大亨).When I put down the phone, my savings were gone. I felt as if I had died and, for some unknown reason, was still breathing.　　Since Bernie Madoff’s arrest on charges of running a $65 million Ponzi scheme, I’ve read many articles about how we investors should have known what was going on. I wish I could say I had reservations about Madoff before “the Call”, but I did not.　　On New Year’s Eve, three weeks after we lost our savings, six of us Madoff people gathered at Taj''s house for dinner. As we were sitting around the table, someone asked, “If you could have your money back right now, but it would mean giving up what you have learned by losing it, would you take the money or would you take what losing the money has given you?”　　My husband was still in financial shock. He said, “I just want the money back.” I wasn''t certain where I stood. I knew that losing our money had cracked me wide open. I’d been walking around like what the Buddhists call a hungry ghost: always focused on the bite that was yet to come, not the one in my mouth. No matter how much I ate or had or experienced, it didn’t satisfy me, because I wasn’t really taking it in, wasn''t absorbing it. Now I was forced to pay attention. Still, I couldn''t honestly say that if someone had offered me the money back, I would turn it down.　　But the other four all said that what they were seeing about themselves was incalculable, and they didn’t think it would have become apparent without the ground of financial stability being ripped out from underneath them.　　My friend Michael said, “I’d started to get complacent. It’s as if the muscles of my heart started to atrophy(萎缩). Now they’re awake, alive—and I don’t want to go back.”　　These weren’t just empty words. Michael and his wife needed to take in boarders to meet their expenses. Taj was so broke that she was moving into someone’s garage apartment in three weeks. Three friends had declared bankruptcy and weren''t sure where or how they were going to live.　　91. What did the author learn from Taj’s call?　　A. had got an awful haircut.　　B. They had lost their retirement savings.　　C. Taj had just retired from work.　　D. They were going to meet for lunch.　　92. How did the author feel in the following weeks?　　A. Angry.　　B. Disappointed.　　C. Indifferent.　　D. Desperate.　　93. According to the passage, to which was she “forced to pay attention”?　　A. Her friends.　　B. Her husband.　　C. Her lost savings.　　D. Her experience.　　94. Which of the following statements is CORRECT about her friends?　　A. Her friends valued their experience more.　　B. Her friends felt the same as she did.　　C. Her friends were in a better financial situation.　　D Her friends were more optimistic than she.　　95. What is the message of the passage?　　A. Desire for money is human nature.　　B. One has to be decisive during crises.　　C. Understanding gained is more important than money lost.　　D. It is natural to see varied responses to financial crises.　　TEXT D　　In the 19th century, there used to be a model of how to be a good person. There are all these torrents of passion flowing through you. Your job, as captain of your soul, is to erect dams to keep these passions in check. Your job is to just say no to laziness, lust, greed, drug use and the other sins.　　These days that model is out of fashion. You usually can’t change your behaviour by simply resolving to do something. Knowing what to do is not the same as being able to do it. Your willpower is not like a dam that can block the torrent of self-indulgence. It''s more like a muscle, which tires easily. Moreover, you''re a social being. If everybody around you is overeating, you’ll probably do so, too.　　The 19th-century character model was based on an understanding of free will. Today, we know that free will is bounded. People can change their lives, but ordering change is not simple because many things, even within ourselves, are beyond our direct control.　　Much of our behaviour, for example, is guided by unconscious habits. Researchers at Duke University calculated that more than 40 percent of the actions we take are governed by habit, not actual decisions. Researchers have also come to understand the structure of habits—cue, routine, reward.　　You can change your own personal habits. If you leave running shorts on the floor at night, that''ll be a cue to go running in the morning. Don’t try to ignore your afternoon snack craving. Every time you feel the cue for a snack, insert another routine. Take a walk.　　Their research thus implies a different character model, which is supposed to manipulate the neural(神经系统的)networks inside.　　To be an effective person, under this model, you are supposed to coolly examine your own unconscious habits, and the habits of those under your care. You are supposed to devise strategies to alter the cues and routines. Every relationship becomes slightly manipulative, including your relationship with yourself. You''re trying to arouse certain responses by implanting certain cues.　　This is a bit disturbing, because the important habitual neural networks are not formed by mere routine, nor can they be reversed by clever cues. They are burned in by emotion and strengthened by strong yearnings, like the yearnings for admiration and righteousness.　　If you think you can change your life in a clever way, the way an advertiser can get you to buy an air freshener, you’re probably wrong. As the Victorians understood, if you want to change your life, don’t just look for a clever cue. Commit to some larger global belief.　　96. Which of the following is a key element in the 19th-century character model?　　A. Passion.　　B. Action.　　C. Capability.　　D. Determination.　　97. The 19th-century model supposedly does not work because　　A. there were many other factors beyond one''s control.　　B. it has worked unsatisfactorily most of the time.　　C. the comparison of free will to a dam is groundless.　　D. what one wishes to do should be considered carefully.　　98. What is the main implication of the research at Duke University?　　A. Habit is key to one''s behaviour.　　B. One’s behaviour is difficult to change.　　C. Both habit and will power are important.　　D. Habit has an unidentified structure.　　99. According to the new character model, personal behaviour could be altered through　　A. cues to stop all the former unconscious habits.　　B. cues to manipulate the habitual neural responses.　　C. techniques to devise different physical cues.　　D. techniques to supplement old routines.　　100. We learn from the passage that the new character model　　A. stresses the neural and psychological aspects of habit change.　　B. can bring about changes in one''s life like what advertisers do.　　C. has been used to change behaviour successfully.　　D. deals better with emotional aspects of behaviour.　　PART VI WRITING [45 MIN]　　SECTION A COMPOSITION [35 MIN]　　Most of us, as students, are careful with our money in daily life: we collect all kinds of coupons(优惠券); we look for group-buy deals if we eat out or travel; we don''t buy clothes unless in a sale. However, some people think that all this may not make us smart consumers. What is your opinion?　　Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a composition of about 200 words.　　You are to write in three parts.　　In the first part, state specifically what your opinion is.　　In the second part, provide one or two reasons or your experience (s) to support your opinion.　　In the last part, bring what you have written to a natural conclusion or make a summary.　　You should supply an appropriate title for your composition.　　Marks will be awarded for content, organization, language and appropriateness. Failure to follow the instructions may result in a loss of marks.　　SECTION B NOTE-WRITING [10 MIN]　　Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a note of about 50-60 words based on the following situation:　　Your former high-school classmate (Mathew or Grace) is coming to visit you in the dorm. But, you have got something urgent to do and thus cannot wait for him/her there. Leave a note on the door, expressing your apology and telling him/her how to find you. You must make clear where you are in the note.　　Marks will be awarded for content, organization, language and appropriateness.　　— THE END —2013专四答案　　PART I DICTATION　　What is a dream for　　One theory is that we dream to release the deep, secret desires. We do not express these desires in real life because of the rules of polite society. Another theory is that dreams allow us to solve problems that we can’t solve in real life. We go to sleep with a problem and wake up with the solution. This may be a way to use our dreams rather than a purpose of dreaming. If you believe that your dreams are important then analyzing them may help you to focus on the problem and help you to find the solution.　　The modern image is that dreams are the brain’s way of cleaning up the computer’s hard disk. Dreams organize the events of the day into folders and delete what is not needed. But we all know that very little of what we dream is concerned with what happened to us that day.　　PART II LISTENING COMPREHENTION　　1—5 ABCAD 6—10 ACDAB 11—15 DCADA　　16—20 BBDAC 21—25 DBADB 26—30 CBBCA　　PART III CLOZE　　31—35 DACBD 36—40 CBACB 41—45 DCADB　　46—50 BCDBB　　PART IV GRAMMAR & VOCABULARY　　51—55 CDBAC 56—60 BDCAA 61—65 BBACA　　66—70 CABDA 71—75 CBDAC 76—80 CADBA　　PART V READING COMPREHENTION　　81—85 CACDB 86—90 DACBC 91—95 BDDAC　　96—100 DAACA　　PART VI WRITING　　SECTION A　　The advantages of being careful with money in daily life　　Nowadays, there is a hot debate on whether people, including students should be careful with their money in their daily life since they try their best to save money. Some people think it is not good to do so because this may not make people smart consumers. But in my eyes, the advantages of being careful with money in daily life outweigh the disadvantages.　　First, being careful with money is a virtue that can always benefit people. Being thrifty is of great help, especially when the economic status around the world is not very good and it becomes harder to earn money than before. A good habit of being careful with money will help many people go through this difficult period or any other difficult financial situation in their life. People with this awareness will think carefully before deciding to buy anything. For students, this awareness is also of great help since they mainly depend on their parents for financial supports. When they keep this awareness in their mind, they will definitely avoid wasting money.　　Secondly, being careful with money is, in fact, a good way of practicing how to manage one''s money. In current society, it is necessary to learn something about finance. But theories are usually hard to learn. In contrast, most people can learn quickly by practicing. Being careful with money means an efficient use of money, which, in essence, equals to part of the job of a financial planner. Being careful with money can teach people to make best use of their money.　　It is true that being too careful with money may have some disadvantages; for example, it may cause people to ignore other aspects of commodities. But overall this behavior is good and has its reality basis. Money-consciousness is always needed in the market-oriented economy.　　SECTION B　　April 20　　Dear Mathew,　　I''m writing to show my apology for being unable to wait for you in my dorm. I''m really sorry but I have something urgent to do. You can come to Room 1003, No. 3 Teaching Building to find me. The map on the back of the note will help you. I''ll wait for you there.TEST FOR ENGLISH MAJORS (2014)-GRADE FOUR-TIME LIMIT: 135 MINPART I                              DICTATION                                                                                                                     [15 MIN]Listen to the following passage. Altogether the passage will be read to you four times. During the first reading, which willbe done at normal speed, listen and try to understand the meaning. For the second and third readings, the passage will be read sentence by sentence, or phrase by phrase, with intervals of 15 seconds. The last reading will be done at normal speed again and during this time you should check your work. You will then be given 2 minutes to check through your work once more.Please write the whole passage on ANSWER SHEET ONE.PART II                     LISTENING COMPREHENSION                                                                                          [20 MIN]In Sections A, B and C you will hear everything ONCE ONLY. Listen carefully and then answer the questions that follow.Mark the best answer to each question on Answer Sheet Two.SECTION A             CONVERSATIONSIn this section you will hear several conversations. Listen to the conversations carefully and then answer the questions thatfollow.Questions 1 to 3 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the conversation.1.     What are they mainly talking about in the conversation?A. Transport.	B. Customers.	C. Relocation.	D. Restaurants.2.     Which of the following is mentioned by Tim as a good reason for moving?A. More office space.	B. Convenient parking.	C. Fewer office workers.	D. A near-by train station.Questions 4 to 7 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 20 seconds toanswer the questions. Now, listen to the conversation.4.	Miss Parkinson became interested in her own business	.A. before she worked for the media company	B. when she was on holiday five years agoC. after she went to therapists and classes	D. after her friend recommended it to her5.	Why did she ask her teachers to teach her at home?A. She was busier than before.	B. It was more convenient.C. She liked to exercise at home.	D. She was given a promotion.6.	Which of the following is NOT true according to the conversation?A. She recommended people to take classes.	B. She was willing to pay more for classes at home. C. She left her job immediately after her promotion.	D. She regarded the business as a pastime at first.7.	Why did she finally leave her job?A. She got bored with her job. B. She saw an opportunity.	C. She needed the money.	D. She was forced to leave.Questions 8 to 10 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now listen to the conversation.8.	Which of the following is NOT mentioned about the single-lens reflex?A. Different lenses can be used.	B. Focusing is easier.C. You can see what you are taking.	D. It is cheaper and lighter.9.	According to the shop assistant, the main difference between the two types of cameras lies in  	.A. lens	B. price	C. weight	D. size10.   It can be inferred from the conversation that the customer is more likely to buy  	 in the end.A. a single-lens camera	B. nothing	C. a rangefinder camera	D. several lenses insteadSECTION B	PASSAGESIn this section, you will hear several passages. Listen to the passages carefully and then answer the questions that follow.Questions 11 to 13 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.11.   Which of the following details about the front of the house is CORRECT?A. The front is pink.	B. The curtain is drawn.	C. No window can be seen.	D. There are two doors.12.   What is to the immediate left side of the house?A. A washing line.	B. Another house.	C. A flat area.	D. A chimney.13.   Where is the small town in the picture?A. Between two hills.	B. Further to the left of the house.   C. At the back of the house.	D. At the side of a hill.Questions 14 to 17 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.14.   When did Ben first become interested in Mongolia?A. When he grew up.	B. When he learned Mongolian.C. When he returned home.	D. When he was nine years old.15.   Where did he spend most of his teenage years?A. In Mongolia.	B. In the Arab world.	C. In his hometown.	D. In some other regions.16.   We learn from the passage that Ben  	while doing his master’s degree.A. became interested in classical Mongolian	B. learned classical and modern MongolianC. gave up modern Mongolian	D. mastered modern Mongolian17.   Which of the following details is NOT true according to the passage?A. Ben wants to visit Mongolia when the weather is warm.	B. Ben considers the travel expense reasonable. C. The trip today is expensive considering inflation.	D. Ben was unable to travel to Mongolia in 1971.Questions 18 to 20 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.18.   Which is the height of towers at Sky Greens vertical farm?A. 9 meters.	B. 20 meters.	C. 100 meters.	D. 40 meters.19.   Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?A. The farm sells its vegetables to a local supermarket.	B. The farm uses less water and energy to grow vegetables. C. The farm causes less pollution in its production.	D. The farm sells at the same price as imported produce20.   According to the passage, one particular advantage of the Sky Green is  	.A. local climate	B. local support	C. plan for expansion	D. closeness to the citySECTION C	NEWS BROADCASTIn this section, you will hear several news items. Listen to them carefully and then answer the questions that follow.Questions 21 and 22 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now. listen to the news.21.   According to the passage, Turkish police were unsure about	.A. when the woman was killed	B. the main cause of the deathC. the woman’s identity	D. why she failed to return home22.   How many people had been detained by Turkish police?A. 9.	B. 19.	C.22.	D. 33.Questions 23 and 24 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the news.23.   What is the situation now in Kidal according to the news?A. Islamist militants are still in control of the town.	B. French forces have entered the town.C. French are going to land at the airport.	D. Islamist militants are attacking the airport.24.   Why did the French launch the military operation?A. To control Kidal airport.	B. To protect the town.C. To protect the capital Bamako.	D. To fight against Islamist militants.Questions 25 and 26 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the news.25.   Which of the following is TRUE about the immigration reform?A. It was proposed by a group of senators.	B. Mr Obama had carried out the reform.C. Illegal immigrants would soon be given citizenship.	D. The reform failed to improve the current system.26.   According to Obama’s 2011 blueprint, how long would it take for illegal immigrants to gain citizenship?A. Eight years.	B. Five years.	C. Thirteen years.	D. Eleven years.Questions 27 and 28 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the news.27.   What is Lorraine Melvill’s business?A. Running a plastic surgery clinic.	B. Arranging for surgery and safaris.C. Providing consultancy to local people.	D. Organizing trips to UK and American.28.   Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the news item?A. Local African clients helped keep her business going.	B. Her clients were unable to pay her the money.C. Her business was affected by the global financial crisis.	D. She still had as many European clients as before.Questions 29 is based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 5 seconds to answer the question. Now, listen to the news.29.   What is the main idea of the news item?A. Foreign investment in unstable regions.	B. BP’s presence in North Africa.C. Security concerns in risky countries.	D. Protection for foreign oil workers.Questions 30 is based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 5 seconds to answer the question. Now, listen to the news.30.   What is the main message of the news item?A. London attracts shoppers from all over the world.	B. Most people in Nigeria live in poverty.C. Wealthier Nigerians become a big spender.	D. People from the Middle East are the most wealthy.PART III	CLOZE	[15 MIN]Decide which of the choices given below would best complete the passage if inserted in the corresponding blanks. Mark the best choice for each blank on ANSWER SHEET TWO.The Victorians had become addicted to speed and they wanted to go ever faster. Time was money and efficiency became(31)         important. Although divisions of labour had been (32)         by Adam Smith and illustrated by a pin factory in The Wealth of Nations in 1776, (33)         could now become fully realised. This specialization of labour was in (34)         contrast to the rural means of production, in (35)         the family was the means of production, consumption and socialization. (36)         greater speed came a greater need for industries and businesses to make more and make it quicker. Steam made this (37)         and changed working life forever (38)         were the days when work was (39)         by natural forces: steam engines were servant (40)         neither season nor sunshine. Factories had foremen and life became correspondingly more (41)        . The clocking-on machine was (42)         in 1885 and time and motion studies to increase efficiency would be introduced only (43)         twenty years later. (44)         it was not all bad news. Agricultural incomes depended on variable harvests and weather. Factories provided (45)         and predictable income, but long hours.Working life was becoming increasingly regulated, and the working (46) 	  was reorganised to promote ever-greater efficiency. The old (47) 	St. Monday - when no work was done - was (48) 	, work stopped around midday on Saturdayand did not resume (49)         Monday morning. A new division between “work” and “leisure” emerged, and this new block ofweekend leisure time coincided with the development of spectator sports like cricket and football, and the (50)      _ of music hall entertainment for the new working classes.PART IV	GRAMMAR & VOCABULARY	[15 MIN]There are thirty sentences in this section. Beneath each sentence there are four words, phrases or statements marked A, B, Cand D. Choose one word, phrase or statement that best completes the sentence. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET TWO.51.   It is essential that he
_ all the facts first.A. is examining	B. will examine	C. examines	D. examine52.   Which of the following sentences expresses a future action?A. Lucy is continually finding fault with her sister.	B. We are meeting the visitors after the performance. C. The coach is now crossing the Garden Bridge.	D. I’m hoping that you’ll give us some advice.53.   Which of the following italicized parts is used as an object complement?A. The front door remained locked.	B. The boy looked disappointed.C. Nancy appeared worried.	D. He seemed to have no money left.54.   Which of the following sentences is INCORRECT?A. Physics is an important school subject.	B. The Niagara Falls is in North America. C. The United States borders Canada.	D. Mumps is a kind of infectious disease.55.   Which of the following sentences indicates POSSIBILITY?A. The moon cannot always be at the full.	B. You cannot smoke inside the building. C. He cannot come today.	D. She cannot play the piano.56.   The boys in the family are old enough for  	.A. schools	B. school	C. the school	D. the schools57.   Which of the following italicized parts indicates a predicate-object relationship?60.   Which of the following reflexive pronouns（反身代词）is used as an object?A. I spoke to the president himself.	B. Frank is not quite himself today. C. Linda herself will play the violin.	D. You must pull yourself together.61.   The research team can handle  	needs to be handled.A. whenever	B. whichever	C. wherever	D. whatever62.   Which of the following italicized parts modifies an adverb?A. I rather like my teacher.	B. That was a very funny film. C. Do it right now.	D. We walked about 6 miles.63.   When the sentence “They had made a mess of the house” is turned into passive voice, which of the following isCORRECT?A. A mess had been made in the house.	B. A mess had been made by them. C. The house had been made a mess of.	D. The house had been made a mess.64.   Fool  	Michael is, he could not have done such a thing.A. as	B. who	C. that	D. like65.   When the sentence “Shall I drive you to the airport first?” is turned into indirect speech, which of the following is most appropriate?A. He agreed to drive me to the airport first.	B. He offered to drive me to the airport first.C. He advised me to go to the airport first.	D. He suggested that I drive to the airport first.66.   The interviewers were impressed by the high calibre of the applicants for the job. The underlined part means  	_.A. criterion	B. quality	C. qualification	D. level67.   Her career has  	a number of activities — composing, playing and acting.A. held	B. produced	C. embraced	D. combined68.   The operation could  	her life by two or three years.A. prolong	B. increase	C. expand	D. continue69.   All her cousins and their children have fair hair. The underlined part means	.A. fine	B. dark	C. thick	D. light70.   John always feels sluggish first thing in the morning. The underlined part means  	.A. sick	B. inactive	C. dizzy	D. drowsy71.   The family of the victim had to endure a long wait before the case cane to trial. The underlined part means  	.A. tolerate	B. keep	C. face	D. hold72.   The chief of surgery became committee chairman by virtue of  	.A. seniority	B. service	C. age	D. rank73.   He turned his back on them when they most needed him. The underlined part means  	.A. criticized	B. ignored	C. betrayed	D. deceived74.   Our school did not  	for Christmas until mid-December.A. break out	B. break down	C. break up	D. break in75.   The flags in the stadium
in the wind.A. flapped	B. moved	C. shook	D. stirred76.   His mother retired early on account of poor health. The underlined part means  	.A. despite	B. with	C. according to	D. because of77.   The whole country was in
over the result of the elections.A. suspension	B. suspense	C. suspending	D. suspender78.   There is no conceivable reason why there should be any difficulty during the project. The underlined part can be replaced by all the following EXCEPT  	.A. thinkable	B. imaginable	C. possible	D. observable79.   The employers prepared, with all due                  for a conference with the Trade Unions.A. caution	B. concern	C. certainty	D. consideration80.   Our experiment was conducted under optimal conditions. The underlined part means                 .A. perfect	B. proper	C. possible	D. proposedPART V         READING COMPREHENSION                                                                                                          [25 MIN]In this section there are four passages followed by questions or unfinished statements, each with four suggested answersmarked A, B, C and D. Choose the one that you think is the best answer. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET TWO.TEXT AAfter breakfast the boys wandered out into the play-ground. Here the day-boys were gradually assembling. They were sonsof the local clergy, of the officers at the Depot, and of such manufacturers or men of business as the old town possessed. Presently a bell rang, and they all trooped into school. This consisted of a large, long room at opposite ends of which two under masters conducted the second and third forms, and of a smaller one, leading out of it, used by Mr. Watson, who taught the first form. To attach the preparatory to the senior school these three classes were known officially, on speech days and in reports, as upper, middle, and lower second. Philip was put in the last. The master, a red-faced man with a pleasant voice, was called Rice;he had a jolly manner with boys, and the time passed quickly. Philip was surprised when it was quarter to eleven and they were let out for ten minutes' rest.The whole school rushed noisily into the play-ground. The new boys were told to go into the middle, while the others stationed themselves along opposite walls. They began to play Pig in the Middle. The old boys ran from wall to wall while thenew boys tried to catch them: when one was seized and the mystic words said - one, two, three, and a pig for me - he became aprisoner and, turning sides, helped to catch those who were still free. Philip saw a boy running past and tried to catch him, but his limp gave him no chance; and the runners, taking their opportunity, made straight for the ground he covered. Then one of them had the brilliant idea of imitating Philip’s clumsy run. Other boys saw it and began to laugh; then they all copied the first; and they ran round Philip, limping grotesquely, screaming with shrill laughter. They lost their heads with the delight of their new amusement, and choked with helpless merriment. One of them tripped Philip up and he fell, heavily as he always fell, and cut his knee. They laughed all the louder when he got up. A boy pushed him from behind, and he would have fallen again if another had not caught him. The game was forgotten in the entertainment of Philip’s deformity. Philip was completely scared. He could not make out why they were laughing at him. His heart beat so that he could hardly breathe, and he was more frightened than he had ever been in his life. He stood still stupidly while the boys ran round him, mimicking and laughing; they shouted to him to try and catch them; but he did not move. He did not want them to see him run any more. He was using all his strength to prevent himself from crying.A. He was ashamed of himself.	B. He was very nervous. C. He was really horrified.	D. He felt himself stupid.TEXT BFor parents who send their kids off to college saying, “These will be the best years of your life,” it would be veryappropriate to add, “If you can handle the stress of college life.”Freshmen are showing up already stressed out, according to the latest research study that reported students’ emotional health levels at their lowest since the survey started in 1985. While in school, more students are working part-time andnear-full-time jobs. At graduation, only 29 percent of seniors have jobs lined up.Pressure to excel often creates stress, and many students are not learning how to effectively handle this stress. Let me show five facts that I believe every college student should know about stress.First, stress can make smart people do stupid things. Stress causes what brain researchers call “cortical inhibition.” Insimple terms, stress inhibits a part of the brain responsible for decision-making and reaction time and can adversely affect other mental abilities as well.Second, the human body doesn’t discriminate between a big stressful event and a little one. Any stressful experience willcreate about 1,400 biochemical events in your body. If any amount of stress is left unchecked, many things can occur within the body, including premature aging, impaired cognitive function and energy drain.Third, stress can become your new pattern. When you regularly experience negative feelings and high amounts of stress, your brain recognizes this as your normal state. This then becomes the new norm, or baseline for your emotional state.Fourth, stress can be controlled. Countless studies demonstrate that people can restructure their emotional state usingemotion-refocusing techniques. These techniques help you recognize how you are feeling and shift to a more positive emotional, mental and physical state.One technique involves slowing your thoughts and focusing on your heartbeat, breathing slowly and deeply, and focusing on the positive feeling that you receive.Finally, stress can be lessened by loving what you study. Barbara Frederickson, a leading international authority on theimportance of positive emotions, says humans are genetically programmed to seek positive emotions such as love and joy. It's suggested to choose a major or career path you love and enjoy. Otherwise, you could end up fighting against your own biology.86.   The author cites the latest research study in order to show that  	.A. students are studying harder in college	B. most students have part-time job nowC. stress continues to the time of graduation	D. students only feel stressed while in school87.   According to the passage, stress might cause all the following negative effects EXCEPT  	.A. social	B. mental	C. emotional	D. physical88.   In the author’s opinion, stress can be controlled by  	.A. doing what you prefer	B. identifying your present emotional state firstC. finding a more positive feeling first	D. focusing on your emotional state89.   According to the context, what does “your own biology” mean in the last paragraph?A. Your current major.	B. Your future job.	C. Your future research.	D. Your preference.90.   Which of the following is the best as the title of the passage?A. Causes of Stress.	B. Type of Stress. College	C. Life and Stress.	D. Stress and Control Methods.TEXT CFor anyone who doubts that the texting revolution is upon us, consider this: The average 13- to 17-year-old sends andreceives 3,339 texts a month—more than 100 per day, according to the Nielsen Co., the media research firm. Adults are catching up. People from ages 45 to 54 sent and received 323 texts a month in the second quarter of 2010, up 75% from a year ago, Nielsen says.Behind the texting explosion is a fundamental shift in how we view our mobile devices. That they are phones is increasingly beside the point.Part of what's driving the texting surge among adults is the popularity of social media. Sites like Twitter, with postings of no more than 140 characters, are creating and reinforcing the habit of communicating in micro-bursts.Economics has much to do with texting’s popularity. Text messages cost carriers less than traditional mobile voice transmissions, and so they cost users less. Sprint Nextel has reconceived its Virgin Mobile brand to cater to heavy texters in adifficult economy. For $25 per month, users get unlimited texting, email, social networking and 300 talk minutes; for another$15, they get an additional 900 talk minutes. The name of the brand's new wireless plan: “Beyond Talk.”Texting’s rise over conversation is changing the way we interact, social scientists and researchers say. We are now inclined to text to relay difficult information. We stare at our phone when we want to avoid eye contact. Rather than make plans in advance, we engage in what research have named “micro-coordination”—”I’ll txt u in 10mins when I know wh/ restrnt.”Texting saves us time, but it steals from quiet reflection. “When people have a mobile device and have even a little extratime, they will communicate with someone in their life,” says Lee Rainie, director of the Pew Internet and American LifeProject.And the phone conversation will never be completely obsolete. Deal makers and other professionals still spend much of the day on the phone. Researchers say people are more likely to use text-based communications at the preliminary stages of projects. The phone comes into play when there are multiple options to consider or important decisions to be made.91.   At the beginning of the passage, the author uses figures for the purpose of	.A. introduction	B. comparison	C. explanation	D. transition92.   According to the context, which of the following is closest in meaning to “beside the point”?A. Unimportant.	B. Unacknowledged.	C. Underestimated.	D. Undeniable.93.   Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a cause for texting’s popularity?A. Promotion of cheaper wireless packages.	B. Increase in the number of adult texters. C. Redesign of mobile devices.	D. Rise of social media.94.   According to the passage, texting can help people to                .A. face difficult situations	B. make appointments in advanceC. communicate wish strangers	D. avoid awkward situations95.   What is the passage mainly about?A. Texting’s popularity and effect.	B. Role of texting in business.C. Preference to texting over thinking.	D. Innovation of mobile devices.TEXT DThe healthy adolescent boy or girl likes to do the real things in life, to do the things that matter. He would rather be a plumber’s mate and do a real job that requires doing than learn about hydrostatics sitting at a desk, without understanding whatpractical use they are going to be. A girl would rather look after the baby than learn about child care. Logically we should learn about things before doing them and that is presumably why the pundits enforce this in our educational system. But it is not thenatural way-nor, I venture to think, the best way. The adolescent wants to do things first for only then does he appreciate the problems involved and want to learn more about them.They do these things better in primitive life, for there at puberty the boy joins his father in making canoes, patching huts,going out fishing or hunting. He is serving his apprenticeship in the actual accomplishments of life. It is not surprising that anthropologists(人类学家) find that the adolescents of primitive communities do not suffer from the same neurotic(神经质的)“difficulties” as those of civilized life. This is not, as some assume, because they are permitted more sexual freedom, but because they are given more natural outlets for their native interests and powers and are allowed to grow up freely into a full life of responsibility in the community.In the 19th  century this was recognized in the apprenticeship system, which allowed the boy to go out with the master carpenter, or ploughman, to engage in the actual work of carpentry or roof-mending, and so to learn his trade. In someagricultural colleges at the present time young men have to do a year’s work on a farm before their theoretical training at college. The great advantage of this system is that it lets the apprentice see the practical problems before he sets to work learning how tosolve them, and he can therefore take a more intelligent interest in his theoretical work.Since more knowledge of more things is now required in order to cope with the adult world, the period of growing-up to independence takes much longer than it did in a more primitive community, and the responsibility for such education, which formerly was in the hands of the parents, is now necessarily undertaken by experts at school. But that should not make us lose sight of the basic principle, namely the need and the desire of the adolescent to engage responsibly in the real pursuits of life and then to learn how — to learn through responsibility, not to learn before responsibility.96.   According to the author, what is the natural way of education?A. Doing things while learning.	B. Doing things as an apprentice.C. Doing things before learning.	D. Learning practical knowledge first.97.   The main advantage of the natural way of education, whether in primitive or modern times, is that learners  	.A. can learn the trade through solving problems at work	B. can work with their masters throughout their learningC. are given more freedom in doing things and learning	D. are given opportunities to develop their interest first98.   According to the context, “this” in the third paragraph refers to  	.A. the way of learning in primitive communities	B. the difficulties modern adolescents experienceC. the amount of freedom in learning in primitive life	D. the kind of skills boys learned from their father99.   According to the author, learning should now be done in school for all the following reasons EXCEPT that  	.A. more subjects are to be covered	B. more parents should be involved in teachingC. there should be a deeper understanding of a subject	D. more time is needed for becoming independent100. Which of the following best sums up the author’s main point?A. The apprenticeship system was effective in learning.	B. Students should be given mire freedom in learning.C. Students develop their interest through learning.	D. Learning to solve problem is learning through responsibility.PART VI	WRITING	[45 MIN] SECTION A	  COMPOSITION		[35 MIN] An undergraduate of English at a university, in a recent letter to the university’s president, complained about the mandatory maths classes he had to take. He said that because a language major has little use for maths, he would forget all of his mathslessons soon after taking the required exams. What do you think of this opinion?Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a composition of about 200 words on the following topic:Should English Majors Study Maths?You are to write in three parts.In the first part, state specifically what your opinion is.In the second part, provide one or two reasons to support your opinion.In the last part, bring what you have written to a natural conclusion or make a summary.Marks will be awarded for content, organization, language and appropriateness. Failure to follow the instructions may result in a loss of marks.SECTION B	NOTE-WRITING	[10 MIN]Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a note of about 50-60 words based on the following situation:As you are taking an exam, you do not have time to meet a former schoolmate of years at the railway station. Write a note to your friend Mark/Lily, politely asking him/her to meet your schoolmate for you and describing briefly what your schoolmatelooks like.Marks will be awarded for content, organization, language and appropriateness.2014专四答案解析　　TEST FOR ENGLISH MAJORS (2014) -GRADE FOUR-　　TIME LIMIT: 135 MIN　　PART I DICTATION [15 MIN]　　Please write the whole passage on ANSWER SHEET ONE.　　PART II LISTENING COMPREHENSION [20 MIN]　　SECTION A CONVERSATIONS　　Questions 1 to 3 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the conversation.　　1. What are they mainly talking about in the conversation?　　A. Transport. B. Customers. C. Relocation. D. Restaurants.　　2. Which of the following is mentioned by Tim as a good reason for moving?　　A. More office space. B. Convenient parking.　　C. Fewer office workers. D. A near-by train station.　　3. Why is Jane worried about winter in the new location?　　A. It is much colder there. B. There are few activities.　　C. There are no good restaurants. D. There is no cinema or theatre.　　Questions 4 to 7 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the conversation.　　4. Miss Parkinson became interested in her own business _______.　　A. before she worked for the media company　　B. when she was on holiday five years ago　　C. after she went to therapists and classes　　D. after her friend recommended it to her　　5. Why did she ask her teachers to teach her at home?　　A. She was busier than before. B. It was more convenient.　　C. She liked to exercise at home. D. She was given a promotion.　　6. Which of the following is NOT true according to the conversation?　　A. She recommended people to take classes.　　B. She was willing to pay more for classes at home.　　C. She left her job immediately after her promotion.　　D. She regarded the business as a pastime at first.　　7. Why did she finally leave her job?　　A. She got bored with her job. B. She saw an opportunity.　　C. She needed the money. D. She was forced to leave.　　Questions 8 to 10 are based on the following conversation. At the end of the conversation, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now listen to the conversation.　　8. Which of the following is NOT mentioned about the single-lens reflex?　　A. Different lenses can be used. B. Focusing is easier.　　C. You can see what you are taking. D. It is cheaper and lighter.　　9. According to the shop assistant, the main difference between the two types of cameras lies in _______.　　A. lens B. price C. weight D. size　　10. It can be inferred from the conversation that the customer is more likely to buy _______ in the end.　　A. a single-lens camera B. nothing　　C. a rangefinder camera D. several lenses instead　　SECTION B PASSAGES　　Questions 11 to 13 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.　　11. Which of the following details about the front of the house is CORRECT?　　A. The front is pink. B. The curtain is drawn.　　C. No window can be seen. D. There are two doors.　　12. What is to the immediate left side of the house?　　A. A washing line. B. Another house. C. A flat area. D. A chimney.　　13. Where is the small town in the picture?　　A. Between two hills. B. Further to the left of the house.　　C. At the back of the house. D. At the side of a hill.　　Questions 14 to 17 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 20 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.　　14. When did Ben first become interested in Mongolia?　　A. When he grew up. B. When he learned Mongolian.　　C. When he returned home. D. When he was nine years old.　　15. Where did he spend most of his teenage years?　　A. In Mongolia. B. In the Arab world.　　C. In his hometown. D. In some other regions.　　16. We learn from the passage that Ben _______ while doing his master’s degree.　　A. became interested in classical Mongolian　　B. learned classical and modern Mongolian　　C. gave up modern Mongolian　　D. mastered modern Mongolian　　17. Which of the following details is NOT true according to the passage?　　A. Ben wants to visit Mongolia when the weather is warm.　　B. Ben considers the travel expense reasonable.　　C. The trip today is expensive considering inflation.　　D. Ben was unable to travel to Mongolia in 1971.　　Questions 18 to 20 are based on the following passage. At the end of the passage, you will be given 15 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the passage.　　18. Which is the height of towers at Sky Greens vertical farm?　　A. 9 meters. B. 20 meters. C. 100 meters. D. 40 meters.　　19. Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?　　A. The farm sells its vegetables to a local supermarket.　　B. The farm uses less water and energy to grow vegetables.　　C. The farm causes less pollution in its production.　　D. The farm sells at the same price as imported produce　　20. According to the passage, one particular advantage of the Sky Green is _______.　　A. local climate B. local support C. plan for expansion D. closeness to the city　　SECTION C NEWS BROADCAST　　Questions 21 and 22 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now. listen to the news.　　21. According to the passage, Turkish police were unsure about _______.　　A. when the woman was killed B. the main cause of the death　　C. the woman’s identity D. why she failed to return home　　22. How many people had been detained by Turkish police?　　A. 9. B. 19. C.22. D. 33.　　Questions 23 and 24 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the news.　　23. What is the situation now in Kidal according to the news?　　A. Islamist militants are still in control of the town.　　B. French forces have entered the town.　　C. French are going to land at the airport.　　D. Islamist militants are attacking the airport.　　24. Why did the French launch the military operation?　　A. To control Kidal airport. B. To protect the town.　　C. To protect the capital Bamako. D. To fight against Islamist militants.　　Questions 25 and 26 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the news.　　25. Which of the following is TRUE about the immigration reform?　　A. It was proposed by a group of senators.　　B. Mr Obama had carried out the reform.　　C. Illegal immigrants would soon be given citizenship.　　D. The reform failed to improve the current system.　　26. According to Obama’s 2011 blueprint, how long would it take for illegal immigrants to gain citizenship?　　A. Eight years. B. Five years. C. Thirteen years. D. Eleven years.　　Questions 27 and 28 are based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 10 seconds to answer the questions. Now, listen to the news.　　27. What is Lorraine Melvill’s business?　　A. Running a plastic surgery clinic. B. Arranging for surgery and safaris.　　C. Providing consultancy to local people. D. Organizing trips to UK and American.　　28. Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the news item?　　A. Local African clients helped keep her business going.　　B. Her clients were unable to pay her the money.　　C. Her business was affected by the global financial crisis.　　D. She still had as many European clients as before.　　Questions 29 is based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 5 seconds to answer the question. Now, listen to the news.　　29. What is the main idea of the news item?　　A. Foreign investment in unstable regions. B. BP’s presence in North  Africa.　　C. Security concerns in risky countries. D. Protection for foreign oil workers.　　Questions 30 is based on the following news. At the end of the news item, you will be given 5 seconds to answer the question. Now, listen to the news.　　30. What is the main message of the news item?　　A. London attracts shoppers from all over the world.　　B. Most people in Nigeria live in poverty.　　C. Wealthier Nigerians become a big spender.　　D. People from the Middle East are the most wealthy.　　PART III CLOZE [15 MIN]　　The Victorians had become addicted to speed and they wanted to go ever faster. Time was money and efficiency became (31)____ important. Although divisions of labor had been (32)____ by Adam Smith and illustrated by a pin factory in The Wealth of Nations in 1776, (33)____ could now become fully realized. This specialization of labor was in (34)____ contrast to the rural means of production, in (35)____ the family was the means of production, consumption and socialization. (36)____ greater speed came a greater need for industries and businesses to make more and make it quicker. Steam made this (37)____ and changed working life forever (38)____ were the days when work was (39)____ by natural forces: steam engines were servant (40)____ neither season nor sunshine. Factories had foremen and life became correspondingly more (41)____. The clocking-on machine was (42)____ in 1885 and time and motion studies to increase efficiency would be introduced only (43)____ twenty years later. (44)____ it was not all bad news. Agricultural incomes depended on variable harvests and weather. Factories provided (45)____ and predictable income, but long hours.　　Working life was becoming increasingly regulated, and the working (46)____ was reorganized to promote ever-greater efficiency. The old (47)____ St. Monday - when no work was done - was (48)____, work stopped around midday on Saturday and did not resume (49)____ Monday morning. A new division between “work” and “leisure” emerged, and this new block of weekend leisure time coincided with the development of spectator sports like cricket and football, and the (50)____ of music hall entertainment for the new working classes.　　31. A. increasingly B. surprisingly C. slowly D. obviously　　32. A. contributed B. informed C. spread D. conceived　　33. A. he B. it C. these D. those　　34. A. clear B. marked C. apparent D. firm　　35. A. that B. what C. where D. which　　36. A. Upon B. Over C. With D. For　　37. A. possible B. practical C. worthwhile D. useful　　38. A. Passed B. Lost C. Gone D. Missed　　39. A. defined B. controlled C. limited D. dictated　　40. A. over B. on C. by D. to　　41. A. standard B. controlled C. difficult D. dreadful　　42. A. designed B. created C. invented D. bought　　43. A. some B. certain C. these D. those　　44. A. For B. But C. Consequently D. Accordingly　　45. A. safe B. good C. continuous D. secure　　46. A. week B. period C. pattern D. practice　　47. A. culture B. behaviour C. custom D. habit　　48. A. repair B. compensate C. mend D. moderate　　49. A. before B. until C. on D. after　　50. A. raise B. increase C. trend D. present　　PART IV GRAMMAR & VOCABULARY [15 MIN]　　51. It is essential that he ________ all the facts first.　　A. is examining B. will examine C. examines D. examine　　52. Which of the following sentences expresses a future action?　　A. Lucy is continually finding fault with her sister.　　B. We are meeting the visitors after the performance.　　C. The coach is now crossing the Garden Bridge.　　D. I’m hoping that you’ll give us some advice.　　53. Which of the following italicized parts is used as an object complement?　　A. The front door remained locked. B. The boy looked disappointed.　　C. Nancy appeared worried. D. He seemed to have no money left.　　54. Which of the following sentences is INCORRECT?　　A. Physics is an important school subject. B. The Niagara Falls is in North America.　　C. The United States borders Canada. D. Mumps is a kind of infectious  disease.　　55. Which of the following sentences indicates POSSIBILITY?　　A. The moon cannot always be at the full. B. You cannot smoke inside the building.　　C. He cannot come today. D. She cannot play the piano.　　56. The boys in the family are old enough for ________.　　A. schools B. school C. the school D. the schools　　57. Which of the following italicized parts indicates a predicate-object relationship?　　A. He was reading Mary’s letter in the room.　　B. You can buy men’s shoes in this shop.　　C. Mrs. Black’s passport was lost.　　D. The enemy’s defeat brought the war to an end.　　58. Please pardon ________ you.　　A. my disturbing B. disturbing me C. to disturb D. that I disturb　　59. Which of the following tag questions is INCORRECT?　　A. Carry this parcel for me, will you? B. Nobody wants to go there, does he?　　C. Few people know him, don’t they? D. Everything is ready, isn’t it?　　60. Which of the following reflexive pronouns(反身代词)is used as an object?　　A. I spoke to the president himself. B. Frank is not quite himself today.　　C. Linda herself will play the violin. D. You must pull yourself together.　　61. The research team can handle ________ needs to be handled.　　A. whenever B. whichever C. wherever D. whatever　　62. Which of the following italicized parts modifies an adverb?　　A. I rather like my teacher. B. That was a very funny film.　　C. Do it right now. D. We walked about 6 miles.　　63. When the sentence “They had made a mess of the house” is turned into passive voice, which of the following is CORRECT?　　A. A mess had been made in the house. B. A mess had been made by them.　　C. The house had been made a mess of. D. The house had been made a mess.　　64. Fool ________ Michael is, he could not have done such a thing.　　A. as B. who C. that D. like　　65. When the sentence “Shall I drive you to the airport first?” is turned into indirect speech, which of the following is most appropriate?　　A. He agreed to drive me to the airport first.　　B. He offered to drive me to the airport first.　　C. He advised me to go to the airport first.　　D. He suggested that I drive to the airport first.　　66. The interviewers were impressed by the high calibre of the applicants for the job. The underlined part means ________.　　A. criterion B. quality C. qualification D. level　　67. Her career has ________ a number of activities —composing, playing and acting.　　A. held B. produced C. embraced D. combined　　68. The operation could ________ her life by two or three years.　　A. prolong B. increase C. expand D. continue　　69. All her cousins and their children have fair hair. The underlined part means ___.　　A. fine B. dark C. thick D. light　　70. John always feels sluggish first thing in the morning. The underlined part means ________.　　A. sick B. inactive C. dizzy D. drowsy　　71. The family of the victim had to endure a long wait before the case cane to trial. The underlined part means ________.　　A. tolerate B. keep C. face D. hold　　72. The chief of surgery became committee chairman by virtue of ________.　　A. seniority B. service C. age D. rank　　73. He turned his back on them when they most needed him. The underlined part means ________.　　A. criticized B. ignored C. betrayed D. deceived　　74. Our school did not ________ for Christmas until mid-December.　　A. break out B. break down C. break up D. break in　　75. The flags in the stadium ________ in the wind.　　A. flapped B. moved C. shook D. stirred　　76. His mother retired early on account of poor health. The underlined part means ________.　　A. despite B. with C. according to D. because of　　77. The whole country was in ________ over the result of the elections.　　A. suspension B. suspense C. suspending D. suspender　　78. There is no conceivable reason why there should be any difficulty  during the project. The underlined part can be replaced by all the following EXCEPT ________.　　A. thinkable B. imaginable C. possible D. observable　　79. The employers prepared, with all due ________ for a conference with the Trade Unions.　　A. caution B. concern C. certainty D. consideration　　80. Our experiment was conducted under optimal conditions. The underlined part means ________.　　A. perfect B. proper C. possible D. proposed　　PART V READING COMPREHENSION [25 MIN]　　TEXT A　　After breakfast the boys wandered out into the play-ground. Here the day-boys were gradually assembling. They were sons of the local clergy, of the officers at the Depot, and of such manufacturers or men of business as the old town possessed. Presently a bell rang, and they all trooped into school. This consisted of a large, long room at opposite ends of which two under masters conducted the second and third forms, and of a smaller one, leading out of it, used by Mr. Watson, who taught the first form. To attach the preparatory to the senior school these three classes were known officially, on speech days and in reports, as upper, middle, and lower second. Philip was put in the last. The master, a red-faced man with a pleasant voice, was called Rice; he had a jolly manner with boys, and the time passed quickly. Philip was surprised when it was quarter to eleven and they were let out for ten minutes' rest.　　The whole school rushed noisily into the play-ground. The new boys were told to go into the middle, while the others stationed themselves along opposite walls. They began to play Pig in the Middle. The old boys ran from wall to wall while the new boys tried to catch them: when one was seized and the mystic words said - one, two, three, and a pig for me - he became a prisoner and, turning sides, helped to catch those who were still free. Philip saw a boy running past and tried to catch him, but his limp gave him no chance; and the runners, taking their opportunity, made straight for the ground he covered. Then one of them had the brilliant idea of imitating Philip’s clumsy run. Other boys saw it and began to laugh; then they all copied the first; and they ran round Philip, limping  grotesquely, screaming with shrill laughter. They lost their heads with the delight of their new amusement, and choked with helpless merriment. One of them tripped Philip up and he fell, heavily as he always fell, and cut his knee. They laughed all the louder when he got up. A boy pushed him from behind, and he would have fallen again if another had not caught him. The game was forgotten in the entertainment of Philip’s deformity. Philip was completely scared. He could not make out why they were laughing at him. His heart beat so that he could hardly breathe, and he was more frightened than he had ever been in his life. He stood still stupidly while the boys ran round him, mimicking and laughing; they shouted to him to try and catch them; but he did not move. He did not want them to see him run any more. He was using all his strength to prevent himself from crying.　　81. From the beginning of the passage we learn that ________.　　A. some pupils came from the local area B. the school only accepted day-boys　　C. the school had only three classes D. Philip’s class was part of the senior school　　82. What was Philip’s reaction to his class?　　A. He thought class was too short. B. He found his class surprising.　　C. He seemed to have enjoyed it. D. He wanted to change class.　　83. In the game Philip lost his ground because ________.　　A. the game wasn’t fit for new boys like him　　B. the playground wasn’t big enough for the game　　C. he did not know the rules of the game　　D. he could not run as quickly as other boys　　84. What did the boys do after Philip lost his ground?　　A. They continued with the game. B. They stopped to make fun of him.　　C. They changed to another game. D. They stopped and went inside.　　85. How did Philip feel in the end?　　A. He was ashamed of himself. B. He was very nervous.　　C. He was really horrified. D. He felt himself stupid.　　TEXT B　　For parents who send their kids off to college saying, “These will be the best years of your life,” it would be very appropriate to add, “If you can handle the stress of college life.”　　Freshmen are showing up already stressed out, according to the latest  research study that reported students’ emotional health levels at their lowest since the survey started in 1985. While in school, more students are working part-time and near-full-time jobs.At graduation, only 29 percent of seniors have jobs lined up.　　Pressure to excel often creates stress, and many students are not learning how to effectively handle this stress. Let me show five facts that I believe every college student should know about stress.　　First, stress can make smart people do stupid things. Stress causes what brain researchers call “cortical inhibition.” In simple terms, stress inhibits a part of the brain responsible for decision-making and reaction time and can adversely affect other mental abilities as well.　　Second, the human body doesn’t discriminate between a big stressful event and a little one. Any stressful experience will create about 1,400 biochemical events in your body. If any amount of stress is left unchecked, many things can occur within the body, including premature aging, impaired cognitive function and energy drain.　　Third, stress can become your new pattern. When you regularly experience negative feelings and high amounts of stress, your brain recognizes this as your normal state. This then becomes the new norm, or baseline for your emotional state.　　Fourth, stress can be controlled. Countless studies demonstrate that people can restructure their emotional state using emotion-refocusing techniques. These techniques help you recognize how you are feeling and shift to a more positive emotional, mental and physical state.　　One technique involves slowing your thoughts and focusing on your heartbeat, breathing slowly and deeply, and focusing on the positive feeling that you receive.　　Finally, stress can be lessened by loving what you study. Barbara Frederickson, a leading international authority on the importance of positive emotions, says humans are genetically programmed to seek positive emotions such as love and joy. It's suggested to choose a major or career path you love and enjoy. Otherwise, you could end up fighting against your own biology.　　86. The author cites the latest research study in order to show that ________.　　A. students are studying harder in college　　B. most students have part-time job now　　C. stress continues to the time of graduation　　D. students only feel stressed while in school　　87. According to the passage, stress might cause all the following negative effects EXCEPT ________.　　A. social B. mental C. emotional D. physical　　88. In the author’s opinion, stress can be controlled by ________.　　A. doing what you prefer B. identifying your present emotional state first　　C. finding a more positive feeling first D. focusing on your emotional state　　89. According to the context, what does “your own biology” mean in the last paragraph?　　A. Your current major. B. Your future job.　　C. Your future research. D. Your preference.　　90. Which of the following is the best as the title of the passage?　　A. Causes of Stress. B. Type of Stress.　　College C. Life and Stress. D. Stress and Control Methods.　　TEXT C　　For anyone who doubts that the texting revolution is upon us, consider this: The average 13- to 17-year-old sends and receives 3,339 texts a month—more than 100 per day, according to the Nielsen Co., the media research firm. Adults are catching up. People from ages 45 to 54 sent and received 323 texts a month in the second quarter of 2010, up 75% from a year ago, Nielsen says.　　Behind the texting explosion is a fundamental shift in how we view our mobile devices. That they are phones is increasingly beside the point.　　Part of what's driving the texting surge among adults is the popularity of social media. Sites like Twitter, with postings of no more than 140 characters, are creating and reinforcing the habit of communicating in micro-bursts.　　Economics has much to do with texting’s popularity. Text messages cost carriers less than traditional mobile voice transmissions, and so they cost users less. Sprint Nextel has reconceived its Virgin Mobile brand to cater to heavy texters in a difficult economy. For $25 per month, users get unlimited texting, email, social networking and 300 talk minutes; for another $15, they get an additional 900 talk minutes. The name of the brand's new wireless plan: “Beyond Talk.”　　Texting’s rise over conversation is changing the way we interact, social scientists and researchers say. We are now inclined to text to relay difficult information. We stare at our phone when we want to avoid eye contact. Rather than make plans in advance, we engage in what research have named “micro-coordination”—”I’ll txt u in 10mins when I know wh/ restrnt.”　　Texting saves us time, but it steals from quiet reflection. “When people have a mobile device and have even a little extra time, they will communicate with someone in their life,” says Lee Rainie, director of the Pew Internet and American Life Project.　　And the phone conversation will never be completely obsolete. Deal makers and other professionals still spend much of the day on the phone. Researchers say people are more likely to use text-based communications at the preliminary stages of projects. The phone comes into play when there are multiple options to consider or important decisions to be made.　　91. At the beginning of the passage, the author uses figures for the purpose of ________.　　A. introduction B. comparison C. explanation D. transition　　92. According to the context, which of the following is closest in meaning to “beside the point”?　　A. Unimportant. B. Unacknowledged. C. Underestimated. D. Undeniable.　　93. Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a cause for texting’s  popularity?　　A. Promotion of cheaper wireless packages.　　B. Increase in the number of adult texters.　　C. Redesign of mobile devices.　　D. Rise of social media.　　94. According to the passage, texting can help people to ________.　　A. face difficult situations B. make appointments in advance　　C. communicate wish strangers D. avoid awkward situations　　95. What is the passage mainly about?　　A. Texting’s popularity and effect. B. Role of texting in business.　　C. Preference to texting over thinking. D. Innovation of mobile devices.　　TEXT D　　The healthy adolescent boy or girl likes to do the real things in life, to do the things that matter. He would rather be a plumber’s mate and do a real job that requires doing than learn about hydrostatics sitting at a desk, without understanding what practical use they are going to be. A girl would rather look after the baby than learn about child care. Logically we should learn about things before doing them and that is presumably why the pundits enforce this in our educational system. But it is not the natural way-nor, I venture to think, the best way. The adolescent wants to do things first for only then does he appreciate the problems involved and want to learn more about them.　　They do these things better in primitive life, for there at puberty the boy joins his father in making canoes, patching huts, going out fishing or hunting. He is serving his apprenticeship in the actual accomplishments of life. It is not surprising that anthropologists(人类学家) find that the adolescents of primitive communities do not suffer from the same neurotic(神经质的) “difficulties” as those of civilized life. This is not, as some assume, because they are permitted more sexual freedom, but because they are given more natural outlets for their native  interests and powers and are allowed to grow up freely into a full life of responsibility in the community.　　In the 19th century this was recognized in the apprenticeship system, which allowed the boy to go out with the master carpenter, or ploughman, to engage in the actual work of carpentry or roof-mending, and so to learn his trade. In some agricultural colleges at the present time young men have to do a year’s work on a farm before their theoretical training at college. The great advantage of this system is that it lets the apprentice see the practical problems before he sets to work learning how to solve them, and he can therefore take a more intelligent interest in his theoretical work.　　Since more knowledge of more things is now required in order to cope with the adult world, the period of growing-up to independence takes much longer than it did in a more primitive community, and the responsibility for such education, which formerly was in the hands of the parents, is now necessarily undertaken by experts at school. But that should not make us lose sight of the basic principle, namely the need and the desire of the adolescent to engage responsibly in the real pursuits of life and then to learn how —to learn through responsibility, not to learn before responsibility.　　96. According to the author, what is the natural way of education?　　A. Doing things while learning. B. Doing things as an apprentice.　　C. Doing things before learning. D. Learning practical knowledge first.　　97. The main advantage of the natural way of education, whether in primitive or modern times, is that learners ________.　　A. can learn the trade through solving problems at work　　B. can work with their masters throughout their learning　　C. are given more freedom in doing things and learning　　D. are given opportunities to develop their interest first　　98. According to the context, “this” in the third paragraph refers to ________.　　A. the way of learning in primitive communities　　B. the difficulties modern adolescents experience　　C. the amount of freedom in learning in primitive life　　D. the kind of skills boys learned from their father　　99. According to the author, learning should now be done in school for all the following reasons EXCEPT that ________.　　A. more subjects are to be covered　　B. more parents should be involved in teaching　　C. there should be a deeper understanding of a subject　　D. more time is needed for becoming independent　　100. Which of the following best sums up the author’s main point?　　A. The apprenticeship system was effective in learning.　　B. Students should be given mire freedom in learning.　　C. Students develop their interest through learning.　　D. Learning to solve problem is learning through responsibility.　　PART VI WRITING [45 MIN]　　SECTION A COMPOSITION [35 MIN]　　An undergraduate of English at a university, in a recent letter to the university’s president, complained about the mandatory maths classes he had to take. He said that because a language major has little use for maths, he would forget all of his maths lessons soon after taking the required exams. What do you think of this opinion?　　Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a composition of about 200 words on the following topic:　　Should English Majors Study Maths?　　You are to write in three parts.　　In the first part, state specifically what your opinion is.　　In the second part, provide one or two reasons to support your opinion.　　In the last part, bring what you have written to a natural conclusion or make a summary.　　Marks will be awarded for content, organization, language and appropriateness. Failure to follow the instructions may result in a loss of marks.　　SECTION B NOTE-WRITING [10 MIN]　　Write on ANSWER SHEET THREE a note of about 50-60 words based on the following situation:　　As you are taking an exam, you do not have time to meet a former schoolmate of years at the railway station. Write a note to your friend Mark/Lily, politely asking him/her to meet your schoolmate for you and describing briefly what your schoolmate looks like.　　Marks will be awarded for content, organization, language and appropriateness.　　—THE END—2014英语专四真题答案详解　　TEST FOR ENGLISH MAJORS (2014)-GRADE FOUR-2014年英语专业四级参考答案　　PART I DICTATION　　Limiting the growth of technology throughout history man has changed his physical environment to improve his way of life. With the tools of technology man has altered many physical features of the earth. He has transformed wood lands into farmland: He has modified the face of the earth by cutting through mountains to build roads and railways. However these changes in the physical environment have not always had beneficial results. Today, pollution of the planet. Each day, thousands of tons of gases come out of the vehicles: smoke from factories pollutes the air of industrialized areas and the surrounding countryside. The air in cities is becoming increasingly unhealthy. The pollution of water is equally harmful. In the sea, pollution from oil is killing a lot of sea plant and fish. It is now necessary for man to limit the growth of technology in order to survive on the earth.　　PART II LISTENING COMPREHENSION SECTION A 1-5. CBBBD 6-10. CCDBC;　　SECTION B 11-15. BAADB 16-20. BCACB; SECTION C 21-25. BABBB 26-30. CBBAC　　PART III CLOZE 31-35. ADBBD 36-40.CACDD 41-45.BCABD 46-50.ACCBA　　　PART IV GRAMMAR & VOCABULARY 51-55. DBDBA 56-60. BDACD　　61-65. DCCAB 66-70. BDADB 71-75. AABCA 76-80. DBDDA　　PART V READING COMPREHENSION A) 81-85.CADBC; B) 86-90.CABDC;　　C) 91-95.AACDA; D) 96-100. CDABD　　PART IV GRAMMAR & VOCABULARY 答案详解　　PART VI WRITING　　SECTION A COMPOSITION　